
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.968106                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2968105665500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56118724342501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 124435                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   208544                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              240872665                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1883780                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12322.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1533330513                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2569743023                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2601408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2601408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       339904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         339904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        40647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              40647                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         5311                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              5311                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       876454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               876454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       114519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              114519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       990973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              990973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      40647                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      5311                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    40647                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    5311                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2567040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  34368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 335424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2601408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              339904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   537                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            3680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            3925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2968112774500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                40647                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                5311                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  39961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        15599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   186.063209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.197978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   266.660838                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9934     63.68%     63.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3084     19.77%     83.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          713      4.57%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          200      1.28%     89.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          120      0.77%     90.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          216      1.38%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          158      1.01%     92.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          122      0.78%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1052      6.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        15599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    139.835962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1077.716241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          315     99.37%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.533123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.504312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.007727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             243     76.66%     76.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.32%     76.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              54     17.03%     94.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              17      5.36%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.32%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   311835749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1063898249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 200550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7774.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26524.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   27487                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   2264                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               43.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  64583157.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   65.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                64297800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                35083125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              169189800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              20716560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        194119894800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         77385932010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1715348093250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1987143207345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.610105                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2851762082500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99111740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17237691250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                66339000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                36196875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              176693400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              13245120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        194119894800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         78257728485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1714583359500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1987253457180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.647200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2850175769500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99111740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18823204250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2499008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2499008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       312384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         312384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        39047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              39047                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         4881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              4881                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       841954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               841954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       105247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              105247                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       947201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              947201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      39047                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      4881                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    39047                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    4881                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2476224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  22784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 309696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2499008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              312384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   39                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             3999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            3655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            3814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2968098707500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                39047                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                4881                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  38561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        14540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   191.608253                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.779772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   273.963830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9215     63.38%     63.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2815     19.36%     82.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          679      4.67%     87.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          179      1.23%     88.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          116      0.80%     89.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          218      1.50%     90.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          136      0.94%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          132      0.91%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1050      7.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        14540                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    132.920962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1016.993034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          289     99.31%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.34%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.34%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          291                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.628866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.596840                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.063367                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             210     72.16%     72.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              64     21.99%     94.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      5.15%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.34%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   300652000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1026108250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 193455000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7770.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26520.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   26802                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   2189                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               45.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  67567353.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   66.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                60132240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                32810250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              162871800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              19232640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        194119894800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         76961481795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1715720418000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1987076841525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.587775                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2852428639500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99111740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16564588000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                62536320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                34122000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              171990000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              12227760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        194119894800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         77900794200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1714896459750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1987198024830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.628549                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2850736875750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99111740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18262098000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2485440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2485440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       305856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         305856                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        38835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              38835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         4779                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              4779                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       837383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               837383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       103048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              103048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       940430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              940430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      38835                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      4779                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    38835                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    4779                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2470784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  14656                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 304896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2485440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              305856                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   229                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             3988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             3514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             3416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             3675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             3821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            3630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            3857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2968100142000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                38835                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                4779                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  38469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        14346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   193.494493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.596252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   275.413719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9055     63.12%     63.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2764     19.27%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          683      4.76%     87.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          186      1.30%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          120      0.84%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          216      1.51%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          140      0.98%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          139      0.97%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1043      7.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        14346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    149.121951                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1095.917020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          285     99.30%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.599303                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.566483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.078914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             214     74.56%     74.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              51     17.77%     92.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              20      6.97%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.35%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          287                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   288633249                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1012495749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 193030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     7476.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               26226.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.83                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   26787                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   2239                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               47.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  68053839.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   66.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                59119200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                32257500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              162528600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              18720720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        194119894800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         76943831175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1715735901000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1987072252995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.586231                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2852400985000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99111740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16597715500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                62135640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                33903375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              171475200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              12150000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        194119894800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         77887891395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1714907778000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1987195228410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.627608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2850771251000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99111740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18227694250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2476288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2476288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       302720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         302720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        38692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              38692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         4730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              4730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       834299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               834299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       101991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              101991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       936290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              936290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      38692                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      4730                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    38692                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    4730                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2466048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  10240                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 300992                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2476288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              302720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   160                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                   19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             3397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             3391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             3697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             3748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            3620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2968105427500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                38692                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                4730                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  38381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        14143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   195.660892                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.594060                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   276.997575                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8871     62.72%     62.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2714     19.19%     81.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          702      4.96%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          185      1.31%     88.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          134      0.95%     89.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          213      1.51%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          142      1.00%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          149      1.05%     92.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1033      7.30%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        14143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    150.862191                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   867.572797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          277     97.88%     97.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      1.06%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.35%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          283                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.618375                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.587876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.032769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             205     72.44%     72.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              60     21.20%     93.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              17      6.01%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          283                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   291666749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1014141749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 192660000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     7569.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               26319.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.10                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   26848                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   2246                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               47.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  68354876.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   67.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                58552200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                31948125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              162263400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              18604080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        194119894800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         76996604340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1715689608750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1987077475695                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.587988                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2852345576000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99111740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16653945000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                61016760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                33292875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              171015000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              11871360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        194119894800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         77707187145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1715066290500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1987170568440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.619311                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2850996491750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99111740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18002482000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5936561690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   48153338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     84906099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             74398817                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19654241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1291368                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6364436                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    74398817                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19654241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          152490321                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          55481112                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27210082                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14481510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57452773                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           23280641                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20177508                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13633269                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6544239                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5755801505.093645                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              180760184.906355                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.030449                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.969551                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8626650                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               203650      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 55470708     65.33%     65.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  243955      0.29%     65.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   836266      0.98%     66.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7916184      9.32%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.07%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13633269     16.06%     92.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                6544239      7.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  84906147                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5935797389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  747109267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1240447925                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            943338692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             479784111                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17080385                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     84370364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   943338692                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    479784111                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1985604134                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         635907013                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           764241448                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          392438672                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           706963015                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          271328524                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    311776216                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  231791480                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  79984736                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3024900835.892599                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2910896553.107401                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.490397                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.509603                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        113271600                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1554989      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                715899705     57.71%     57.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2110671      0.17%     58.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8191713      0.66%     58.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              200499097     16.16%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 415658      0.03%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               231791480     18.69%     93.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               79984736      6.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1240448049                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5934665758                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2700801                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5707348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5596765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     149118                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       465827                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5596765                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11074347                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4603876                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3504833                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1791893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1261632                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     790536                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    471096                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5923477070.932853                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              11188687.067147                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001885                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998115                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           660816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                85766      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4318542     75.67%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12486      0.22%     77.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    28827      0.51%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  790536     13.85%     91.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 471096      8.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5707373                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5941196886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  733790349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1235745762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            947574472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             466164939                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   17486979                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     82206185                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   947574472                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    466164939                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2022882799                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         651075221                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           738516641                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          383102448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           692778636                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          260784002                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    316241017                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  235102288                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  81138729                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3066985804.949796                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              2874211081.050204                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.483776                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.516224                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        111408543                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1819591      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                714366919     57.81%     57.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2402969      0.19%     58.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 10641826      0.86%     59.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              189678914     15.35%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 594622      0.05%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               235102288     19.03%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               81138729      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1235745858                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  829                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 829                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4529                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4529                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3731                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          698                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3730                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    15450                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3700000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                31496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1996464                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2099613                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1989976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2089125                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              171407                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1910500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2144500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1821000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1876500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               51878742                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.134198                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.026507                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    51010495     98.33%     98.33% |        3116      0.01%     98.33% |      864818      1.67%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 51878742                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2881819380                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000268                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2881819173    100.00%    100.00% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2881819380                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2881819380                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.072991                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012396                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.291119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2881778871    100.00%    100.00% |       38461      0.00%    100.00% |         807      0.00%    100.00% |         540      0.00%    100.00% |         521      0.00%    100.00% |         173      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2881819380                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2869402611                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2869402611    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2869402611                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12416769                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.940543                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.450971                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.057202                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    12376260     99.67%     99.67% |       38461      0.31%     99.98% |         807      0.01%     99.99% |         540      0.00%     99.99% |         521      0.00%    100.00% |         173      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     12416769                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20094562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        83688                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20178250                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     67910829                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       129568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     68040397                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    312790281                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4462888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    317253169                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1083380945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1808939                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1085189884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1232736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28460                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1261196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3471278                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        37224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3508502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    315983301                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5124170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321107471                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1064538679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       741832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1065280511                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     12327416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        89353                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     12416769                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.010969                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       213256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22055                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       223362                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1       100682                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        76904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14179                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          524                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        49101                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0      1706048                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       176440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16082064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       805456                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       615232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1020888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        37728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       392808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.329368                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0      6271827                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16927                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6276790                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4027439                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4016156                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       421873                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          468                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3583510                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0     50174616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    451928880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32219512                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32129248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     30374856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        33696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28668080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.003637                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        65684                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23458                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        74584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31841                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21517                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2171                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       525472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       187664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5370048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       254728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       172136                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       341568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        40608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.322052                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0      5866002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15821                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5871134                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4855009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4842696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       401924                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4432020                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0     46928016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    422721648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38840072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38741568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     28938528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35456160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.667523                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0     12482063                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52113                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12480049                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9023436                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8957273                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       842720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1731                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8066802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0     99856504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       416904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    898563528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72187488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71658184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     60675840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       124632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64534416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.001997                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0        17496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        45474                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22590                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24060                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       139968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3274128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       180720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.001900                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        16020                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        43396                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20013                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23889                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       128160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3124512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       160104                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.001886                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        15922                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        43063                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19884                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23758                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       127376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3100536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       159072                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.001877                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0        15856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        42861                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19742                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0       126848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3085992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       157936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.003920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92497                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95377                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.122294                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0     12482063                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2        78261                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12596605                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9060318                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8957273                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       842720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1731                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8162179                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     99856504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       626088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    906955560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     72482544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71658184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     60675840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       124632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65297432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        37446189                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       208635                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     37789815                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     54052773                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2533353                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24495177                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        299569512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1669080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2720866680                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    432422184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    182401416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    195961416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016569                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22055                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206333                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        88036                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       176440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14855976                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       704288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005370                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       213256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17029                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12646                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        76904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14179                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          524                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        49101                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1706048                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1226088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       101168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       615232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1020888                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        37728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       392808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.509139                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16927                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6268287                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4015590                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    451316664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32124720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.149598                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      6271827                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8503                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11849                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4016156                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       421873                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          468                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3583510                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     50174616                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       612216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        94792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32129248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     30374856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        33696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     28668080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005105                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23458                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        63060                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15122                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       187664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4540320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       120976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002170                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        65684                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16719                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21517                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          564                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2171                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       525472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       133752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       172136                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       341568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        40608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.485381                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15821                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5862993                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4843752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    422135496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38750016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.158722                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5866002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8141                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11257                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4842696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       401924                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          175                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4432020                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     46928016                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       586152                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        90056                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38741568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     28938528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        12600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35456160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.319096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     12416769                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        86432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65581                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8957273                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       842720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1731                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8066802                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     99334152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6223104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       524648                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71658184                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     60675840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       124632                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64534416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     1.015949                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        65294                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52113                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12393617                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      8957855                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       522352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       416904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    892340424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     71662840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        17496                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4638                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8858                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24060                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       139968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       333936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        70864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003217                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        40836                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13732                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2940192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       109856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000721                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        16020                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4207                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7809                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23889                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       128160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       302904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        39189                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12204                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2821608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        97632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000711                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        15922                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4103                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7806                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23758                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       127376                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       295416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62448                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        38960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12078                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2805120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        96624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000706                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        15856                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4055                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7764                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23670                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       126848                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       291960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003049                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        38806                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11978                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2794032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        95824                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007036                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92497                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659784                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000803                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95377                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016569                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22055                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206333                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        88036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       176440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14855976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       704288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.509139                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16927                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6268287                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4015590                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    451316664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32124720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.005105                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23458                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        63060                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15122                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       187664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4540320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       120976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.485381                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        15821                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5862993                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4843752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       126568                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    422135496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38750016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.319096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     12416769                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        86432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        65581                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      8957273                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       842720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1731                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8066802                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0     99334152                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6223104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       524648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     71658184                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     60675840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       124632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     64534416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        17496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4638                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8858                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24060                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0       139968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       333936                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        70864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000721                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        16020                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4207                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7809                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23889                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0       128160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       302904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000711                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0        15922                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4103                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7806                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23758                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0       127376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       295416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000706                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0        15856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4055                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7764                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23670                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0       126848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       291960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.007036                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92497                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      30283564                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.223013                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.317553                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    29439884     97.21%     97.21% |         558      0.00%     97.22% |      842824      2.78%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        30283564                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      21516917                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.009684                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.265866                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    21482926     99.84%     99.84% |        9424      0.04%     99.89% |        1121      0.01%     99.89% |        1437      0.01%     99.90% |       21878      0.10%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        21516917                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         78261                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000179                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.018914                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       78254     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           78261                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    489452421                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.314767                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.054241                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.697682                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   489418772     99.99%     99.99% |       32012      0.01%    100.00% |         655      0.00%    100.00% |         450      0.00%    100.00% |         406      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     489452421                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    480427727                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   480427727    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    480427727                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9024694                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.071315                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.544247                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.422895                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     8991045     99.63%     99.63% |       32012      0.35%     99.98% |         655      0.01%     99.99% |         450      0.00%     99.99% |         406      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9024694                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167332537                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.069419                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011267                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.471822                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167329420    100.00%    100.00% |        2874      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167332537                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    166679127                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   166679127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    166679127                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       653410                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.777685                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.623594                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.490277                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      650293     99.52%     99.52% |        2874      0.44%     99.96% |          86      0.01%     99.98% |          55      0.01%     99.98% |          67      0.01%     99.99% |          34      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       653410                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2222019294                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.019890                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003477                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.610262                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2222015831    100.00%    100.00% |        3303      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2222019294                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2219301731                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2219301731    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2219301731                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2717563                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.263320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.076289                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.351184                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2714100     99.87%     99.87% |        3303      0.12%     99.99% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2717563                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1411836                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.199105                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029565                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.479754                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1411688     99.99%     99.99% |          29      0.00%     99.99% |         115      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1411836                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1398155                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1398155    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1398155                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13681                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    21.546963                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.222050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.714103                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13533     98.92%     98.92% |          29      0.21%     99.13% |         115      0.84%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13681                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       801646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.236513                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029936                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.228561                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      801447     99.98%     99.98% |          38      0.00%     99.98% |         156      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       801646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       794225                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      794225    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       794225                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7421                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.549117                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.199266                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.894021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7222     97.32%     97.32% |          38      0.51%     97.83% |         156      2.10%     99.93% |           1      0.01%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           2      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         7421                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       801646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      801646    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       801646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       801646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      801646    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       801646                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       17496     26.80%     26.80% |       16020     24.54%     51.33% |       15922     24.39%     75.72% |       15856     24.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        65294                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        4638     27.28%     27.28% |        4207     24.74%     52.02% |        4103     24.13%     76.15% |        4055     23.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        17003                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       40647     25.85%     25.85% |       39047     24.84%     50.69% |       38835     24.70%     75.39% |       38692     24.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       157221                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        5311     26.96%     26.96% |        4881     24.78%     51.73% |        4779     24.26%     75.99% |        4730     24.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        19701                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       23340     25.23%     25.23% |       23169     25.05%     50.28% |       23038     24.91%     75.19% |       22950     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        8858     27.48%     27.48% |        7809     24.22%     51.70% |        7806     24.21%     75.92% |        7764     24.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        32237                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       17496     26.80%     26.80% |       16020     24.54%     51.33% |       15922     24.39%     75.72% |       15856     24.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        65294                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       23151     25.18%     25.18% |       23027     25.05%     50.23% |       22913     24.93%     75.16% |       22836     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         673     24.94%     24.94% |         674     24.98%     49.93% |         676     25.06%     74.98% |         675     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2698                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       23151     25.18%     25.18% |       23027     25.05%     50.23% |       22913     24.93%     75.16% |       22836     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        91927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         673     24.94%     24.94% |         674     24.98%     49.93% |         676     25.06%     74.98% |         675     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2698                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        4402     27.09%     27.09% |        4019     24.73%     51.82% |        3934     24.21%     76.03% |        3896     23.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        16251                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         189     33.16%     33.16% |         142     24.91%     58.07% |         125     21.93%     80.00% |         114     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          47     25.82%     25.82% |          46     25.27%     51.10% |          44     24.18%     75.27% |          45     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          182                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        8858     27.48%     27.48% |        7809     24.22%     51.70% |        7806     24.21%     75.92% |        7764     24.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        32237                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       17496     26.80%     26.80% |       16020     24.54%     51.33% |       15922     24.39%     75.72% |       15856     24.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        65294                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        4402     27.09%     27.09% |        4019     24.73%     51.82% |        3934     24.21%     76.03% |        3896     23.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        16251                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         189     33.16%     33.16% |         142     24.91%     58.07% |         125     21.93%     80.00% |         114     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         189     33.16%     33.16% |         142     24.91%     58.07% |         125     21.93%     80.00% |         114     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          570                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          47     25.82%     25.82% |          46     25.27%     51.10% |          44     24.18%     75.27% |          45     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          182                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          47     25.82%     25.82% |          46     25.27%     51.10% |          44     24.18%     75.27% |          45     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          182                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92497                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    13481421      2.75%      2.75% |   236219428     48.26%     51.02% |      734729      0.15%     51.17% |   239016843     48.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    489452421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    68040397      3.06%      3.06% |  1085189884     48.84%     51.90% |     3508502      0.16%     52.06% |  1065280511     47.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2222019294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     6696829      3.93%      3.93% |    81033741     47.57%     51.50% |      526467      0.31%     51.81% |    82090628     48.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    170347665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13170     24.30%     24.30% |       12317     22.72%     47.02% |       17283     31.89%     78.91% |       11432     21.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        54202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      203851      1.65%      1.65% |     6263377     50.58%     52.23% |       56498      0.46%     52.69% |     5858585     47.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     12382311                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         741     25.37%     25.37% |         717     24.55%     49.91% |         826     28.28%     78.19% |         637     21.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8144     38.53%     38.53% |        3893     18.42%     56.94% |        5349     25.31%     82.25% |        3752     17.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        21138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         656     23.66%     23.66% |         572     20.63%     44.28% |         962     34.69%     78.98% |         583     21.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       54143      0.66%      0.66% |     3677809     44.52%     45.17% |        6532      0.08%     45.25% |     4523139     54.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      8261623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4193     19.84%     19.84% |        5418     25.63%     45.47% |        8179     38.69%     84.16% |        3348     15.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        21138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      147341      3.58%      3.58% |     2584488     62.80%     66.38% |       47387      1.15%     67.54% |     1335923     32.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4115139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       17177     50.36%     50.36% |        6095     17.87%     68.23% |        4621     13.55%     81.78% |        6216     18.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        34109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        7579     40.17%     40.17% |        4112     21.79%     61.96% |        3586     19.00%     80.96% |        3592     19.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       63280      0.71%      0.71% |     4005383     44.96%     45.67% |        6915      0.08%     45.74% |     4833944     54.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      8909522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       63407      0.70%      0.70% |     4125900     45.79%     46.50% |       15721      0.17%     46.67% |     4804692     53.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      9009720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      129330      4.76%      4.76% |     1808716     66.58%     71.34% |       37016      1.36%     72.70% |      741551     27.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      2716613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       11114      1.69%      1.69% |      328975     50.09%     51.78% |        3761      0.57%     52.36% |      312913     47.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       656763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        6377     30.03%     30.03% |        4150     19.54%     49.57% |        6367     29.98%     79.55% |        4344     20.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        21238                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1713     11.44%     11.44% |        4059     27.11%     38.55% |        5933     39.62%     78.17% |        3269     21.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        14974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         238     25.05%     25.05% |         223     23.47%     48.53% |         208     21.89%     70.42% |         281     29.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         531     32.12%     32.12% |         414     25.05%     57.17% |         421     25.47%     82.64% |         287     17.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         1653                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4932     27.36%     27.36% |        4228     23.45%     50.81% |        4845     26.87%     77.68% |        4023     22.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        18028                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      145659      0.21%      0.21% |    39264253     57.52%     57.73% |      160290      0.23%     57.97% |    28690358     42.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     68260560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    67910829      3.06%      3.06% |  1083380945     48.82%     51.88% |     3471278      0.16%     52.03% |  1064538679     47.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   2219301731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        6923     43.01%     43.01% |        3540     21.99%     65.00% |        2624     16.30%     81.31% |        3009     18.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        16096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        6064     19.82%     19.82% |        7594     24.82%     44.64% |       10107     33.04%     77.68% |        6828     22.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        30593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      135639      3.93%      3.93% |     2253766     65.24%     69.16% |       44738      1.29%     70.46% |     1020618     29.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      3454761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     5648779      2.70%      2.70% |    96501174     46.20%     48.90% |       70790      0.03%     48.94% |   106662624     51.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    208883367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        2734      1.46%      1.46% |       93085     49.86%     51.33% |        1517      0.81%     52.14% |       89347     47.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       186683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         205     32.03%     32.03% |         105     16.41%     48.44% |         245     38.28%     86.72% |          85     13.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       49101      0.61%      0.61% |     3583510     44.42%     45.03% |        2171      0.03%     45.06% |     4432020     54.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      8066802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         311     35.79%     35.79% |         102     11.74%     47.53% |         336     38.67%     86.19% |         120     13.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1681     25.83%     25.83% |         996     15.30%     41.13% |        2682     41.20%     82.33% |        1150     17.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     7621863      3.75%      3.75% |    96324042     47.38%     51.13% |      481995      0.24%     51.37% |    98855900     48.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    203283800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     6675527      3.94%      3.94% |    80607727     47.56%     51.50% |      518144      0.31%     51.80% |    81685072     48.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    169486470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         524     30.27%     30.27% |         468     27.04%     57.31% |         564     32.58%     89.89% |         175     10.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       14179      1.68%      1.68% |      421873     50.06%     51.74% |        4744      0.56%     52.31% |      401924     47.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       842720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         430     20.97%     20.97% |         615     29.99%     50.95% |         489     23.84%     74.79% |         517     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         2051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        6463     44.18%     44.18% |        2897     19.80%     63.98% |        2667     18.23%     82.21% |        2602     17.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        14629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       54143      0.66%      0.66% |     3677809     44.52%     45.17% |        6532      0.08%     45.25% |     4523139     54.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      8261623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4193     19.84%     19.84% |        5418     25.63%     45.47% |        8179     38.69%     84.16% |        3348     15.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        21138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      136352      3.94%      3.94% |     2255671     65.20%     69.14% |       44167      1.28%     70.42% |     1023306     29.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      3459496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         656     23.66%     23.66% |         572     20.63%     44.28% |         962     34.69%     78.98% |         583     21.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       10989      1.68%      1.68% |      328817     50.15%     51.83% |        3220      0.49%     52.32% |      312617     47.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       655643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       17177     50.36%     50.36% |        6095     17.87%     68.23% |        4621     13.55%     81.78% |        6216     18.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        34109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        7579     40.17%     40.17% |        4112     21.79%     61.96% |        3586     19.00%     80.96% |        3592     19.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        18869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       63280      0.71%      0.71% |     4005383     44.96%     45.67% |        6914      0.08%     45.74% |     4833944     54.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      8909521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR      2717563      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9024726      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         658416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        16096      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        8909522      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        15554      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        32934      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         65294      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          49240      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          16360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         6509      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               8135      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           7454      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          21138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      8936135      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1504      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR         5783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        49685      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         9826      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR      2711771      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       741933      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2773      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        16096      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          658      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         6040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv          116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      8211938      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       642896      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        14099      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        25596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        21138      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         2921      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      8909521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          797      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         1298      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        49240      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1034      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all           39      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          697      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          601      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           7222      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         6040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          774      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv          116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        49685      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data         5783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         9826      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        18869      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      8917266      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        14624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         6506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        21130      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.997361                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2997361376500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56147980053501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 124294                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   208588                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              240739932                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2100868                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12450.62                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1547531764                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2597046146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3912448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3912448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       736704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         736704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              61132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        11511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             11511                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1305297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1305297                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       245784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              245784                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1551082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1551082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      61132                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     11511                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    61132                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   11511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3874560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  37888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 732480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3912448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              736704                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   75                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             5774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             5003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            5210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            5296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             829                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2997361559500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                61132                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               11511                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  60220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        25490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   180.739113                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.464438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   247.674048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15729     61.71%     61.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5289     20.75%     82.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1392      5.46%     87.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          562      2.20%     90.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          332      1.30%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          399      1.57%     92.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          273      1.07%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          212      0.83%     94.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1302      5.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        25490                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     92.522857                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   726.518461                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          698     99.71%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18432-19455            1      0.14%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.350000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.330526                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.826294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             588     84.00%     84.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.14%     84.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              92     13.14%     97.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              17      2.43%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.14%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   522012998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1657137998                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 302700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8622.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27372.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.24                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   41410                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   5085                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               44.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  41261533.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   64.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               100994040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                55105875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              251604600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              39398400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        196030554720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         83458222380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1727573287500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2007509167515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.879037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2872061440500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100088560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  25213654500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               104418720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                56974500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              253640400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              34765200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        196030554720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         84425735250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1726724592000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2007630680790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.919524                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2870335866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100088560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26939229000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3792448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3792448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       706496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         706496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        59257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              59257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        11039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             11039                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1265262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1265262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       235706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              235706                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1500968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1500968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      59257                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     11039                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    59257                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   11039                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3766464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  25984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 703040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3792448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              706496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   406                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   39                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             5634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             5228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            5182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            5163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2997360413500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                59257                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               11039                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  58532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   673                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   184.827723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.794662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   252.627150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        14858     61.44%     61.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4913     20.32%     81.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1358      5.62%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          522      2.16%     89.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          356      1.47%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          398      1.65%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          269      1.11%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          214      0.88%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1294      5.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     87.681073                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   670.986429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          669     99.70%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          671                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.371088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.350595                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.848703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             557     83.01%     83.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              97     14.46%     97.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      2.24%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   503170996                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1606627246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 294255000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8549.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27299.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   40579                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   5075                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                68.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               46.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  42639131.86                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   65.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                95739840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                52239000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              244093200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              37739520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        196030554720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         82997668080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1727977282500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2007435316860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.854431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2872784379750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100088560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24487473750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                99822240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                54466500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              248008800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              33546960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        196030554720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         84082721220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1727025481500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2007574601940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.900839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2870876311000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100088560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26398784000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3776192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           3776192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       695616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         695616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        59003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              59003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        10869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             10869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1259839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1259839                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       232076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              232076                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1491915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1491915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      59003                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     10869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    59003                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   10869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               3758144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  18048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 694464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                3776192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              695616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   282                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   24                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             5587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             2112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             2505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             2126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             5200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            2310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            2448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            5136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            5238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2997357151000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                59003                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               10869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  58396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   668                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        23980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   185.688073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.358209                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   253.189377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        14642     61.06%     61.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4915     20.50%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1395      5.82%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          537      2.24%     89.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          331      1.38%     90.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          376      1.57%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          272      1.13%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          207      0.86%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1305      5.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        23980                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     95.054381                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   723.152259                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          660     99.70%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-5119            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::17408-18431            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          662                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.391239                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.369254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.879820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             546     82.48%     82.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              93     14.05%     96.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              21      3.17%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   492641994                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1593660744                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 293605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     8389.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               27139.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   40516                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   5078                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                69.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               46.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  42897829.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   65.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                94878000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                51768750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              243352200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              36961920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        196030554720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         82983294675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1727989890750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2007430701015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.852893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2872748899000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100088560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24525922750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                99209880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                54132375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              247548600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              33352560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        196030554720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         84037593465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1727065067250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2007567458850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.898459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2870957840500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100088560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26317226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3759936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           3759936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       682560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         682560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        58749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              58749                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        10665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             10665                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1254415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1254415                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       227720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              227720                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1482136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             1482136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      58749                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     10665                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    58749                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   10665                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               3746240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  13696                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 681664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                3759936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              682560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   214                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                   19                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             5659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             2073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             2068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             2460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             2138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             5182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            2284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            2512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            2506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            5130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            5168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2997357198500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                58749                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               10665                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  58196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                   108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                   112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        23616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   187.506775                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.017197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   254.903295                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        14403     60.99%     60.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4813     20.38%     81.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1325      5.61%     86.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          543      2.30%     89.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          356      1.51%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          401      1.70%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          269      1.14%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          223      0.94%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1283      5.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        23616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     96.359447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   574.305502                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          645     99.08%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            3      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            1      0.15%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.360983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.341412                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.826642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             543     83.41%     83.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              90     13.82%     97.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              17      2.61%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   486059494                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1583590744                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 292675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     8303.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               27053.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   40538                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   5035                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               47.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  43180874.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   65.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                93698640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                51125250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              242026200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              36547200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        196030554720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         82967841405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1728003446250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2007425239665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.851073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2872793515250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 100088560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24481480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                97486200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                53191875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              247283400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              32471280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        196030554720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         83890171800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1727194384500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2007545543775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.891157                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2871134451501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 100088560000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26140643499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5995060827                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50969272                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     90208561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             79646083                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19670334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1391794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6782386                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    79646083                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19670334                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          162854259                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          59669395                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27236205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14494235                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            60243649                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25144100                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     21345822                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14305461                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7040361                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5801197846.707747                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              193862980.292254                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.032337                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.967663                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          9213562                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               225295      0.25%      0.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 59564538     66.03%     66.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  247025      0.27%     66.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   840104      0.93%     67.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7928212      8.79%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.06%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14305461     15.86%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7040361      7.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  90208920                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5994973400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  756159546                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1257952816                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            959695137                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             481129909                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17384792                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     85537929                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   959695137                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    481129909                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2018566846                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         648831841                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           766400807                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          393590558                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           715912010                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          276681993                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    315795772                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  234109809                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  81685963                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3041481112.912564                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2953492287.087437                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.492661                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.507339                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        114886992                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1636600      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                728274340     57.89%     58.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2115588      0.17%     58.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8192710      0.65%     58.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              201522435     16.02%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 415658      0.03%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               234109809     18.61%     93.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               81685963      6.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1257953119                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5994722753                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4147178                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      8460647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              8296696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     217894                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       657012                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     8296696                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           16590407                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6793183                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4873188                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2743234                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1915187                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1197038                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    718149                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5976240069.048006                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              18482683.951994                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003083                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996917                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           942409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               101950      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6396734     75.60%     76.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   13910      0.16%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    30635      0.36%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1197038     14.15%     91.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 718149      8.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   8460878                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5994034799                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  734679010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1237488233                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            949284251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             466172847                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   17535224                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     82327191                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   949284251                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    466172847                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2026357463                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         652441289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           738529515                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          383108732                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           693650635                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          261327966                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    316672721                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  235366026                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  81306695                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3117662128.234546                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              2876372670.765454                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.479873                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.520127                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        111595563                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1832573      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                715657092     57.83%     57.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2404240      0.19%     58.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 10642353      0.86%     59.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              189684850     15.33%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 594622      0.05%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               235366026     19.02%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               81306695      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1237488483                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8005                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                8005                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9538                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9538                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1002                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1002                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10268                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   37090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          249                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8499                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         5912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3894                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14706                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          578                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          247                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8497                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    47510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3780500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7083982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8766500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2933954                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3071602                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2911472                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3040120                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1466405                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             4053000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy            11371500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             8196500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             4004500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              104841571                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.138288                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.042291                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   103035495     98.28%     98.28% |        8770      0.01%     98.29% |     1795571      1.71%    100.00% |         507      0.00%    100.00% |        1074      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                104841571                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5789495672                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000444                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5789494529    100.00%    100.00% |        1143      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5789495672                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5789495672                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.074956                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.012482                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.403327                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5789388728    100.00%    100.00% |      100378      0.00%    100.00% |        2502      0.00%    100.00% |        1805      0.00%    100.00% |        1651      0.00%    100.00% |         585      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5789495672                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5764438906                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5764438906    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5764438906                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25056766                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.318963                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.570843                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.505004                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    24949822     99.57%     99.57% |      100378      0.40%     99.97% |        2502      0.01%     99.98% |        1805      0.01%     99.99% |        1651      0.01%    100.00% |         585      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     25056766                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     21233323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       122380                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21355703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     71606853                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       155980                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     71762833                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316740663                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4538280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321278943                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1096151808                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1828670                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1097980478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1862310                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        53037                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1915347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      5343889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        49039                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5392928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316400167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5141696                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321541863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1065697282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses       750915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1066448197                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     12456004                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       183993                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     12639997                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            61                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.014759                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       278360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       290417                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1       140699                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2       112560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32689                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61651                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0      2226880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       240904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     20910024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1125592                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       900480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2353608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        61272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       493208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.332068                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::0      6366950                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32037                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6377619                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4106928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4089114                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       444604                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          609                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3625728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::0     50935600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       256296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    459188568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32855424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32712912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     32011488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        43848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29005824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.005921                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0       102076                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32267                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1       114892                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56711                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        44712                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14690                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8831                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       816608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       258136                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8272224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       453688                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       357696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1057680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        71496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        70648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.320638                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0      5892611                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26131                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5901344                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4876038                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4859091                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       408531                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          609                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4437297                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0     47140888                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       209048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    424896768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     39008304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38872728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     29414232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        43848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35498376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.678592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0     12786211                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        84107                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12796205                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9311608                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9105477                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       900514                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3062                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8133507                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0    102289688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       672856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    921326760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     74492864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72843816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     64837008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       220464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65068056                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.003209                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0        37981                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        72129                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24094                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0       303848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5193288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       459072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003098                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        36230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69732                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54285                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23921                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       289840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5020704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       434280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.003079                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        36090                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69289                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23790                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       288720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4988808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       433088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.003060                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0        35913                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        68821                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1        53927                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23702                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0       287304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4955112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       431416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.003883                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95507                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       764056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.124405                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0     12786211                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::2       120548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12926483                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9355858                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9105477                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       900514                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3062                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8229014                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0    102289688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       964384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    930706776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     74846864                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72843816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     64837008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       220464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65832112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        38358633                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       325203                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     38779430                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     55384005                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2710728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     24696066                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        306869064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2601624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2792118960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    443072040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    195172416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    197568528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021539                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30113                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       269974                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       122547                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       240904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19438128                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       980376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007978                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       278360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20443                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       112560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32689                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          851                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61651                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2226880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1471896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       145216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       900480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2353608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        61272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       493208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.511848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32037                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6361151                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4085308                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       256296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    458002872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32682464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.152288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      6366950                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16468                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21620                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4089114                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       444604                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          609                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      3625728                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     50935600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1185696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       172960                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     32712912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     32011488                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        43848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     29005824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007907                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32267                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        97844                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        35105                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       258136                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7044768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       280840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003935                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       102076                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21606                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        44712                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14690                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          993                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         8831                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       816608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1227456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       172848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       357696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1057680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        71496                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        70648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.482772                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26131                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5888649                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4857690                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       209048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    423982728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38861520                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.158505                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5892611                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12695                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        18348                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2      4859091                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       408531                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          609                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      4437297                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     47140888                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       914040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       146784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     38872728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     29414232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        43848                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     35498376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.331571                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     12639997                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       175108                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166348                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9105477                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       900514                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3062                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8133507                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    101119976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12607776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1330784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72843816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     64837008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       220464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65068056                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     1.025614                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       146214                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        84107                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12621097                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      9145260                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1169712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       672856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    908718984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     73162080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001522                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        37981                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10806                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23170                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24094                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       303848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       778032                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       185360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004895                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        61323                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34214                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4415256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       273712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001460                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        36230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10333                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21882                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23921                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       289840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       743976                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       175056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59399                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32403                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4276728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       259224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001445                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        36090                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10161                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21903                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23790                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       288720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       731592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       175224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004714                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        59128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32233                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4257216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       257864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001427                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        35913                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9958                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21905                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23702                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       287304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       716976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       175240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004692                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        58863                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        32022                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4238136                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       256176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006969                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92499                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000797                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95507                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       764056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021539                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        30113                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       269974                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       122547                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       240904                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19438128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       980376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.511848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32037                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6361151                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4085308                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       256296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    458002872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     32682464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.007907                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        32267                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        97844                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        35105                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       258136                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7044768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       280840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     0.482772                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26131                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5888649                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4857690                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       209048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    423982728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     38861520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     0.331571                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     12639997                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       175108                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166348                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2      9105477                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       900514                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         3062                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8133507                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0    101119976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12607776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1330784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     72843816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     64837008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       220464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     65068056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.001522                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        37981                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10806                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23170                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24094                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0       303848                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       778032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       185360                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       192752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.001460                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        36230                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10333                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21882                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23921                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0       289840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       743976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       175056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       191368                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.001445                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0        36090                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10161                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21903                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23790                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0       288720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       731592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       175224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       190320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.001427                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0        35913                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9958                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23702                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0       287304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       716976                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       175240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       189616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.006969                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92499                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659928                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      61063059                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.229161                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.336133                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    59316447     97.14%     97.14% |        2038      0.00%     97.14% |     1742929      2.85%    100.00% |         473      0.00%    100.00% |        1018      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        61063059                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      43579703                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.011590                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.290437                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    43496578     99.81%     99.81% |       23661      0.05%     99.86% |        2958      0.01%     99.87% |        3774      0.01%     99.88% |       52252      0.12%    100.00% |         390      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        43579703                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        198809                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000191                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.019551                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      198790     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          19      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          198809                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    982428384                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.321892                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.054496                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.906823                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   982346109     99.99%     99.99% |       77294      0.01%    100.00% |        1869      0.00%    100.00% |        1459      0.00%    100.00% |        1236      0.00%    100.00% |         399      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     982428384                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    964270452                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   964270452    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    964270452                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18157932                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.415876                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.653391                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.627626                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    18075657     99.55%     99.55% |       77294      0.43%     99.97% |        1869      0.01%     99.98% |        1459      0.01%     99.99% |        1236      0.01%    100.00% |         399      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     18157932                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    337231064                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.076605                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.011608                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.796623                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337219896    100.00%    100.00% |       10199      0.00%    100.00% |         373      0.00%    100.00% |         215      0.00%    100.00% |         251      0.00%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     337231064                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    335887093                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   335887093    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    335887093                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1343971                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.221907                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.100542                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.022106                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1332803     99.17%     99.17% |       10199      0.76%     99.93% |         373      0.03%     99.96% |         215      0.02%     99.97% |         251      0.02%     99.99% |         127      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1343971                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4463603730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.020297                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003508                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.648595                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4463591369    100.00%    100.00% |       11787      0.00%    100.00% |         235      0.00%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |         153      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4463603730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4458101563                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4458101563    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4458101563                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5502167                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    17.466182                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    17.135151                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.394660                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     5489806     99.78%     99.78% |       11787      0.21%     99.99% |         235      0.00%     99.99% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |         153      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5502167                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2943158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.229915                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.032734                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.911709                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     2942737     99.99%     99.99% |         406      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      2943158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2911942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2911942    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2911942                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31216                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    22.677217                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.839564                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.287530                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       30795     98.65%     98.65% |         406      1.30%     99.95% |          10      0.03%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        31216                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.371428                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.043082                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.651602                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1643949     99.96%     99.96% |         692      0.04%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1644668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1623188                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1623188    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1623188                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.439246                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.268732                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.300706                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       20761     96.65%     96.65% |         692      3.22%     99.87% |          15      0.07%     99.94% |           3      0.01%     99.96% |           8      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        21480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1644668    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1644668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1644668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1644668    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1644668                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       37981     25.98%     25.98% |       36230     24.78%     50.76% |       36090     24.68%     75.44% |       35913     24.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       146214                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       10806     26.19%     26.19% |       10333     25.04%     51.24% |       10161     24.63%     75.86% |        9958     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        41258                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       61132     25.67%     25.67% |       59257     24.88%     50.55% |       59003     24.78%     75.33% |       58749     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       238141                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       11511     26.11%     26.11% |       11039     25.04%     51.15% |       10869     24.66%     75.81% |       10665     24.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        44084                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       23342     25.23%     25.23% |       23169     25.05%     50.28% |       23038     24.91%     75.19% |       22950     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       23170     26.07%     26.07% |       21882     24.63%     50.70% |       21903     24.65%     75.35% |       21905     24.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        88860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       37981     25.98%     25.98% |       36230     24.78%     50.76% |       36090     24.68%     75.44% |       35913     24.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       146214                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       23151     25.18%     25.18% |       23027     25.05%     50.23% |       22913     24.93%     75.16% |       22836     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         705     24.95%     24.95% |         706     24.98%     49.93% |         708     25.05%     74.98% |         707     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2826                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       23151     25.18%     25.18% |       23027     25.05%     50.23% |       22913     24.93%     75.16% |       22836     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        91927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         705     24.95%     24.95% |         706     24.98%     49.93% |         708     25.05%     74.98% |         707     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2826                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       10568     26.09%     26.09% |       10145     25.05%     51.14% |        9992     24.67%     75.81% |        9799     24.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        40504                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         191     33.39%     33.39% |         142     24.83%     58.22% |         125     21.85%     80.07% |         114     19.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          47     25.82%     25.82% |          46     25.27%     51.10% |          44     24.18%     75.27% |          45     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          182                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       23170     26.07%     26.07% |       21882     24.63%     50.70% |       21903     24.65%     75.35% |       21905     24.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        88860                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       37981     25.98%     25.98% |       36230     24.78%     50.76% |       36090     24.68%     75.44% |       35913     24.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       146214                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       10568     26.09%     26.09% |       10145     25.05%     51.14% |        9992     24.67%     75.81% |        9799     24.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        40504                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         191     33.39%     33.39% |         142     24.83%     58.22% |         125     21.85%     80.07% |         114     19.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         191     33.39%     33.39% |         142     24.83%     58.22% |         125     21.85%     80.07% |         114     19.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          572                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          47     25.82%     25.82% |          46     25.27%     51.10% |          44     24.18%     75.27% |          45     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          182                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          47     25.82%     25.82% |          46     25.27%     51.10% |          44     24.18%     75.27% |          45     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          182                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92499                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92499                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92499                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92499    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92499                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    14134066      2.87%      2.87% |   238454350     48.37%     51.24% |     1119839      0.23%     51.46% |   239267708     48.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    492975963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    71762835      3.20%      3.20% |  1097980478     48.98%     52.18% |     5392928      0.24%     52.42% |  1066448197     47.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2241584438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7221637      4.17%      4.17% |    82824593     47.84%     52.01% |      795508      0.46%     52.47% |    82274155     47.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    173115893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19003     22.95%     22.95% |       22229     26.85%     49.80% |       22599     27.30%     77.10% |       18957     22.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        82788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      265933      2.11%      2.11% |     6353153     50.46%     52.57% |       88640      0.70%     53.28% |     5882647     46.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     12590373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1777     20.04%     20.04% |        3148     35.51%     55.55% |        2288     25.81%     81.36% |        1653     18.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         8866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9333     32.30%     32.30% |        6660     23.05%     55.35% |        7380     25.54%     80.89% |        5521     19.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        28894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         817     25.14%     25.14% |         727     22.37%     47.51% |        1033     31.78%     79.29% |         673     20.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         3250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       75275      0.90%      0.90% |     3731008     44.66%     45.56% |       16858      0.20%     45.76% |     4531287     54.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      8354428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5819     20.14%     20.14% |        8197     28.37%     48.51% |       10155     35.15%     83.65% |        4723     16.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        28894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      188063      4.44%      4.44% |     2621219     61.95%     66.40% |       69798      1.65%     68.05% |     1351966     31.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4231046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       19004     46.35%     46.35% |        8450     20.61%     66.96% |        6319     15.41%     82.37% |        7227     17.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        41000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        9203     35.91%     35.91% |        6526     25.46%     61.37% |        5265     20.54%     81.92% |        4635     18.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        25629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       94340      1.04%      1.04% |     4070332     45.06%     46.10% |       23521      0.26%     46.36% |     4845828     53.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      9034021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       88568      0.97%      0.97% |     4182876     45.89%     46.87% |       28238      0.31%     47.18% |     4814617     52.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      9114299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      155549      5.59%      5.59% |     1828374     65.70%     71.29% |       48647      1.75%     73.03% |      750500     26.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total      2783070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       21816      3.14%      3.14% |      342117     49.31%     52.46% |       11755      1.69%     54.15% |      318101     45.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       693789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       10095     26.13%     26.13% |       11180     28.94%     55.07% |        8511     22.03%     77.10% |        8847     22.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        38633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        2346     12.39%     12.39% |        5495     29.01%     41.40% |        7100     37.49%     78.89% |        3998     21.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        18939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         431     28.10%     28.10% |         296     19.30%     47.39% |         392     25.55%     72.95% |         415     27.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1264     21.13%     21.13% |        1990     33.26%     54.39% |        1712     28.61%     83.00% |        1017     17.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         5983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        6564     25.22%     25.22% |        6234     23.95%     49.17% |        7171     27.55%     76.72% |        6060     23.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        26029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      209776      0.31%      0.31% |    39364193     57.47%     57.77% |      205331      0.30%     58.07% |    28721103     41.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     68500403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    71606853      3.20%      3.20% |  1096151808     48.96%     52.16% |     5343889      0.24%     52.40% |  1065697282     47.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   2238799832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        8386     37.47%     37.47% |        5802     25.92%     63.39% |        4232     18.91%     82.29% |        3963     17.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        22383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        7656     19.33%     19.33% |       10293     25.99%     45.32% |       12721     32.12%     77.43% |        8938     22.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        39608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      165029      4.67%      4.67% |     2276587     64.49%     69.16% |       57948      1.64%     70.80% |     1030759     29.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      3530323                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     5825195      2.78%      2.78% |    96983445     46.25%     49.03% |      156544      0.07%     49.10% |   106727031     50.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    209692215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       10630      5.09%      5.09% |      102702     49.16%     54.25% |        4138      1.98%     56.23% |       91430     43.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       208900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         401     27.08%     27.08% |         144      9.72%     36.80% |         374     25.25%     62.05% |         562     37.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       61651      0.76%      0.76% |     3625728     44.58%     45.34% |        8831      0.11%     45.44% |     4437297     54.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      8133507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         559     33.31%     33.31% |         560     33.37%     66.69% |         394     23.48%     90.17% |         165      9.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2026     23.51%     23.51% |        1751     20.32%     43.83% |        3095     35.91%     79.74% |        1746     20.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         8618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     8008181      3.89%      3.89% |    97918341     47.61%     51.51% |      722626      0.35%     51.86% |    99000959     48.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    205650107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7179541      4.17%      4.17% |    82371982     47.84%     52.01% |      773671      0.45%     52.46% |    81859644     47.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    172184838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         851     27.79%     27.79% |         609     19.89%     47.68% |         993     32.43%     80.11% |         609     19.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         3062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       32689      3.63%      3.63% |      444604     49.37%     53.00% |       14690      1.63%     54.63% |      408531     45.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       900514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |        1218     16.95%     16.95% |        2588     36.01%     52.96% |        1893     26.34%     79.30% |        1488     20.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         7187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        7307     36.04%     36.04% |        4909     24.21%     60.25% |        4285     21.13%     81.38% |        3775     18.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total        20276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       75275      0.90%      0.90% |     3731008     44.66%     45.56% |       16858      0.20%     45.76% |     4531287     54.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      8354428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5819     20.14%     20.14% |        8197     28.37%     48.51% |       10155     35.15%     83.65% |        4723     16.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        28894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      165800      4.69%      4.69% |     2277836     64.45%     69.14% |       57364      1.62%     70.76% |     1033520     29.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      3534520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         817     25.14%     25.14% |         727     22.37%     47.51% |        1033     31.78%     79.29% |         673     20.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       22263      3.20%      3.20% |      343383     49.30%     52.50% |       12434      1.79%     54.28% |      318446     45.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       696526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       19004     46.35%     46.35% |        8450     20.61%     66.96% |        6319     15.41%     82.37% |        7227     17.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        41000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        9203     35.91%     35.91% |        6526     25.46%     61.37% |        5265     20.54%     81.92% |        4635     18.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        25629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       94340      1.04%      1.04% |     4070332     45.06%     46.10% |       23520      0.26%     46.36% |     4845828     53.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      9034020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR      2784604      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        9133976      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         699780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        22383      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        9034021      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        39070      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        90294      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data        146214      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         130118      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          23338      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         8618      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              17820      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          17656      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          28894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      9076583      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1508      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        15060      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       103738      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        27416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR      2769525      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       749878      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         3250      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        22379      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement         1137      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        14922      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv          116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      8250709      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX       660244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        36360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        72680      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        28894      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         8866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX      9034020      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         2692      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          278      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       130118      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          360      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1628      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          223      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          278      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data         1434      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         1258      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          16345      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        14922      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1475      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all         1253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv          116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           19      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       103719      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        15079      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        27416      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS          115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        25629      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          616      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock      9050954      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        20256      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         8608      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        28864      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
