
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.748562                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1748562439500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53977169436501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 104408                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   155575                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              251840483                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2494160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6943.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   724921745                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1080179223                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     94101824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          94101824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42699200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       42699200                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1470341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1470341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       667175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            667175                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     53816679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             53816679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24419603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            24419603                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     78236282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            78236282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1470341                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    667175                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1470341                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  667175                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              94053824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  48000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               42692736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               94101824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            42699200                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   750                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   81                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            92511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            92058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            91817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            91085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            91197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            91783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            92395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            93488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            92476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            91398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           91701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           91535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           91588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           91250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           91431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           91878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            42409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            41691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            41658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            41200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            41299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            41482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            41858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            42386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            42095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            41430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           41465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           41350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           41537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           41501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           41725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           41988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1748569602500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1470341                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              667175                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1469452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 34220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 34732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 37064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 37454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 37435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 37440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 37414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 37447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 37432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 37419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 37432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 37450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 37422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 37396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 37385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 37303                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 37293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 37293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1016848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.480764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.622464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.649169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       776675     76.38%     76.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104803     10.31%     86.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        58933      5.80%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21377      2.10%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8228      0.81%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6846      0.67%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7895      0.78%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20755      2.04%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11336      1.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1016848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.516933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   958.768482                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37286     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37293                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.887378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.877548                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.578518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            2704      7.25%      7.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             342      0.92%      8.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           32807     87.97%     96.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1340      3.59%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              92      0.25%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37293                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15364900000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            42919731250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7347955000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10455.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29205.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       53.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       24.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    53.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    24.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  877291                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 242525                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                59.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               36.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    818038.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3858624000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2105400000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5758350000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2164209840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        114434136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        497815857495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        614538077250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1240674655545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           708.135068                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1017736904500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  58388200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 672439588250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3840661440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2095599000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5736783000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2158429680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        114434136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        497139316515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        615131534250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1240536460845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           708.056191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1018768394000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  58388200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 671401568500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     93993152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          93993152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     42665728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       42665728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1468643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1468643                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       666652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            666652                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     53754530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             53754530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24400460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            24400460                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     78154990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            78154990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1468643                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    666652                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1468643                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  666652                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              93948416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  44736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               42662016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               93993152                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            42665728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   699                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   44                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            92590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            91977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            91449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            90965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            91165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            91742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            92353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            93172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            92331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            91294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           91659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           91463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           91461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           91221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           91315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           91787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            42494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            41539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            41455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            41193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            41289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            41526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            41888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            42239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            41999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            41418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           41446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           41382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           41495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           41544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           41704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           41983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1748559974000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1468643                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              666652                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1467865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 34163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 34646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 37026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 37430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 37451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 37393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 37406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 37433                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 37449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 37437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 37403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 37467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 37317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 37340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 37361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 37285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 37274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 37274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1014900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.604568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.574528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.485189                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       775864     76.45%     76.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104289     10.28%     86.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        58602      5.77%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20978      2.07%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8131      0.80%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6639      0.65%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7746      0.76%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20675      2.04%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11976      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1014900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.492649                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1032.150621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37269     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        37274                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.883619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.873733                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.579780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2754      7.39%      7.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             321      0.86%      8.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           32804     88.01%     96.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1306      3.50%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              82      0.22%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        37274                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 15339294750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            42863244750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7339720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10449.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               29199.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       53.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       24.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    53.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    24.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  876562                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 243072                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                59.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               36.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    818884.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3850421400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2100924375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5750854200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2161838160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        114434136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        496593230580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        615610557000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1240501962675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           708.036501                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1019477374000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  58388200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 670690512500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3834038880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2091985500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5731120200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2157567840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        114434136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        495807571935                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        616299731250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1240356152565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           707.953278                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1020816581500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  58388200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 669356826250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     94098560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          94098560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     42730304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       42730304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1470290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1470290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       667661                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            667661                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     53814813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             53814813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24437391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            24437391                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     78252204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            78252204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1470290                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    667661                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1470290                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  667661                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              94050560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  48000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               42726784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               94098560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            42730304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   750                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   34                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            92651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            92056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            91654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            91026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            91278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            91813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            92372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            93284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            92402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            91381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           91718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           91533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           91548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           91416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           91482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           91926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            42536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            41516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            41548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            41267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            41404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            41573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            41930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            42303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            42069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            41466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           41499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           41462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           41551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           41565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           41836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           42081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1748559888000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1470290                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              667661                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1469443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 34173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 34655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 37091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 37507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 37481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 37484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 37478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 37473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 37506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 37513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 37473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 37487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 37430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 37411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 37419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 37339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 37329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 37328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1017302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.451134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.484529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.428266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       778389     76.52%     76.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104236     10.25%     86.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        58505      5.75%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20782      2.04%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8287      0.81%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6568      0.65%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7585      0.75%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21007      2.06%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11943      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1017302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.476345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1009.335207                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37323     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        37328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.884859                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.874726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.587351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            2793      7.48%      7.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             336      0.90%      8.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           32689     87.57%     95.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1402      3.76%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20             102      0.27%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        37328                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 15409835750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            42963710750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                7347700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    10486.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               29236.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       53.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       24.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    53.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    24.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  876585                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 243259                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                59.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               36.44                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    817867.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   52.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              3858631560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2105404125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             5756657400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2164818960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        114434136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        497041671240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        615217199250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1240578519495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           708.080190                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1018847717000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  58388200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 671320263250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              3843897120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2097364500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             5737531800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2161267920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        114434136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        496335741345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        615836424750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1240446364395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           708.004767                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1020009655750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  58388200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 670160810500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     94200576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          94200576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     42851776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       42851776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1471884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1471884                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       669559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            669559                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     53873155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             53873155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24506861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            24506861                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     78380016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            78380016                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1471884                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    669559                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1471884                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  669559                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              94153408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  47168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               42848640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               94200576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            42851776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   737                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                   35                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            92765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            91949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            91845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            91129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            91390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            91910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            92529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            93419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            92634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            91448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           91820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           91671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           91703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           91396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           91552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           91987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            42616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            41729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            41675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            41356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            41500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            41663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            42063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            42451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            42231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            41555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           41616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           41518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           41739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           41686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           41953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           42159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1748562216000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1471884                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              669559                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1471065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 34264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 34767                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 37213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 37588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 37570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 37572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 37573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 37584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 37606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 37588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 37566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 37600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 37634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 37526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 37512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 37432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 37427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 37427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1020500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.249674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.413588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.240658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       780980     76.53%     76.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       105042     10.29%     86.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        58417      5.72%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20749      2.03%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8091      0.79%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6539      0.64%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7599      0.74%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21123      2.07%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11960      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1020500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.416571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1072.174518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37422     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        37427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.888423                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.878069                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.594738                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            2796      7.47%      7.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             332      0.89%      8.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           32743     87.48%     95.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1391      3.72%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20             139      0.37%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21              25      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        37427                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 15388484750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            42972491000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7355735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    10460.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               29210.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       53.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       24.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    53.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    24.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  876811                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 243342                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                59.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               36.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    816534.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   52.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              3871846440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2112614625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             5762725800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2171098080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        114434136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        497728837305                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        614614410750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1240695669960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           708.147063                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1017834467500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  58388200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 672334543500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              3854889360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2103362250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             5744161800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            2167210080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        114434136960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        496577892735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        615624011250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1240505664435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           708.038614                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1019633106750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  58388200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 670537860500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3492687925                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1385879                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3025205                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2960097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      89750                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       198914                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2960097                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6015392                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2452705                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1664040                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             903383                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       714310                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     440961                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    273349                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3486591743.315639                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6096181.684361                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001745                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998255                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           315898                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                52300      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2235445     73.89%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5702      0.19%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    17451      0.58%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  440961     14.58%     90.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 273349      9.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3025208                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3496522588                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3823170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7646104                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7508973                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     199156                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       644838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7508973                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           14938671                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6109707                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4826325                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2603460                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1729637                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1122792                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    606845                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3480050650.363857                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              16471937.636143                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.004711                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.995289                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           879588                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                54410      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5835252     76.32%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7611      0.10%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    17939      0.23%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.02%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1122792     14.68%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 606845      7.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7646193                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3500486612                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1277478                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2752178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2690880                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      75248                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       194448                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2690880                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            5474753                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2232525                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1555889                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             814158                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       655850                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     406855                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    248995                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3494960742.166688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              5525869.833312                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001579                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998421                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           294471                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                52361      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2020019     73.40%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5356      0.19%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    18584      0.68%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  406855     14.78%     90.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 248995      9.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2752200                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3499091716                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717088191                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1064276838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            463787758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     895933                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10826055                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   463787758                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          971659883                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         343689748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111595612                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201600411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129316109                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75421404                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53894705                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              11391514.160115                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3487700201.839885                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996744                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003256                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12012278                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               313129      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431257413     40.52%     40.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   87699      0.01%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2214      0.00%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.29%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75421404      7.09%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53894705      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1064293360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1813                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1813                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          916                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          886                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3818                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1799                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1925                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     7360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                31996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1090500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1107998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1103500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1137269                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              689500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              832500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              672500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              685500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1225686845                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000430                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1225686618    100.00%    100.00% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1225686845                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1225686845                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.866498                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.065274                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.216281                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1225569422     99.99%     99.99% |       55823      0.00%     99.99% |       61377      0.01%    100.00% |         193      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1225686845                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1202680295                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1202680295    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1202680295                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23006550                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.163162                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    29.041795                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.902127                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    22889127     99.49%     99.49% |       55823      0.24%     99.73% |       61377      0.27%    100.00% |         193      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23006550                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       699495                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14466                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       713961                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1820656                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        21771                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1842427                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1663332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        68183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1731515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4978288                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        23183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5001471                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       641857                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        13969                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       655826                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1683820                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        14141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1697961                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    143375434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     22822819                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166198253                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1047817413                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        28018                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1047845431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           729                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     17091674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5914876                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     23006550                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.004482                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        36237                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1737                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        24476                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        19982                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8452                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4580                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        54946                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9966                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        59130                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       289896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       125064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1762272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1438704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        67616                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       329760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       439568                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        79728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       473040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.013582                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0        91366                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        11358                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73121                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        22734                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3049                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        60280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       166992                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15857                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          633                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       114582                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       730928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       817776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5264712                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1636848                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        24392                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      4340160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1335936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       126856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       916656                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.003399                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        28110                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1657                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        18629                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14412                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5117                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3753                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41276                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6594                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3385                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        44995                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       224880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       119304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1341288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1037664                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        40936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       270216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       330208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        27080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       359960                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     3.399254                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0     22850837                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5866406                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     16975448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10262                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2595                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19457130                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     45648596                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1301                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26218005                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    182806696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    422381232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1222232256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       738864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20760                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1400913360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    365188768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    209744040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     4.088815                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23006550                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5881158                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2     11762316                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17091674                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8645                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     22196790                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     45911810                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      5342096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        33718                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5037                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     32317870                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    184052400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47049264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    846886752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1230600528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        69160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1598168880                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    367294480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     42736768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       269744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        40296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    258542960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.168086                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1470341                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1470341                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       667175                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1334352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1470341                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11762728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105864552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48036600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10674816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11762728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.167911                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1468643                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1468643                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       666652                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1333304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1468643                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11749144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105742296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     47998944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10666432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11749144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.168120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1470290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1470290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       667661                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1335322                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1470290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11762320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105860880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48071592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10682576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11762320                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.168395                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1471884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1471884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       669559                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1339118                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1471884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11775072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105975648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48208248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10712944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11775072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.743822                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23006550                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5881158                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2     11762316                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17091674                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        33695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        13929                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     22196790                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     45911810                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      5342096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        33718                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5284                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     32317870                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    184052400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47049264                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    846886752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1230600528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2426040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       111432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1598168880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    367294480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     42736768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       269744                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        42272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    258542960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     86663124                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     35286948                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     51275022                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       101085                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        41787                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     66590370                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control    153761718                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       101154                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        15605                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     96953610                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    693304992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2540660256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   3691801584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      7278120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       334296                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   4794506640                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control   1230093744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       809232                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       124840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    775628880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005318                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1737                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        24476                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10020                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7244                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27473                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9966                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       125064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1762272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       721440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        57952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       219784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        79728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003645                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        36237                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9962                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4580                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27473                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        59130                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       289896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       717264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       329760                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       219784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       473040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013220                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        11358                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73121                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6882                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        83496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15857                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          633                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       817776                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5264712                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       495504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        19328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       667968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       126856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        91366                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15852                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          633                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        60280                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        83496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       114582                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       730928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1141344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      4340160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       667968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       916656                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004079                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1657                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        18629                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7821                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1732                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        20638                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6594                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3385                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       119304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1341288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       563112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13856                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       165104                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        27080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002720                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        28110                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6591                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3385                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3753                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        20638                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        44995                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       224880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       474552                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       270216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       165104                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       359960                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     3.266764                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5866406                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     16975448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8972                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2537                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22824298                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1301                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    422381232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1222232256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       645984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    182594384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     3.531744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0     22850837                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1290                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19457130                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22824298                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26218005                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    182806696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2        92880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1400913360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    182594384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    209744040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     4.342600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23006550                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5881158                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19525743                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22955905                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2671048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26436712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    184052400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423443376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1405853496                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    183647240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21368384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    211493696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     3.835030                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5881158                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5881158                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17091674                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8645                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2671047                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22955905                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2671048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        33718                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5037                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5881158                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47049264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423443376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1230600528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        69160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    192315384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    183647240                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21368384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       269744                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        40296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     47049264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137433                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1470341                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       667175                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       667176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1470341                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11762728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48036600                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5337408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11762728                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.198738                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1470341                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       667176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105864552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5337408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137310                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1468643                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       666652                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       666652                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1468643                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11749144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     47998944                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5333216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11749144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.198512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1468643                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       666652                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105742296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5333216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137501                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1470290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       667661                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       667661                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1470290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11762320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48071592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5341288                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11762320                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.198739                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1470290                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       667661                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105860880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5341288                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137818                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1471884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       669559                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       669559                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1471884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11775072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48208248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5356472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11775072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.198971                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1471884                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       669559                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    105975648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5356472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005318                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1737                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        24476                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        10020                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         7244                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        27473                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9966                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       125064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1762272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       721440                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        57952                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       219784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        79728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013220                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        11358                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        73121                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6882                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        83496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        15857                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          633                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       817776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      5264712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       495504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        19328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       667968                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       126856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         5064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004079                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1657                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        18629                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7821                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1732                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        20638                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         6594                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3385                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       119304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1341288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       563112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       165104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        52752                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        27080                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     3.266764                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5866406                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     16975448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8972                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2537                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22824298                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1301                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    422381232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1222232256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       645984                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    182594384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        10408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0          464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     4.342600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23006550                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5881158                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19525743                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22955905                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2671048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26436712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    184052400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423443376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1405853496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    183647240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21368384                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    211493696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.137433                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1470341                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       667175                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       667176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1470341                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11762728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48036600                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5337408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11762728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.137310                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1468643                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       666652                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       666652                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1468643                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11749144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     47998944                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5333216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11749144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.137501                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1470290                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       667661                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       667661                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1470290                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11762320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48071592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5341288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11762320                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.137818                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1471884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       669559                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       669559                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1471884                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11775072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48208248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5356472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11775072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     88459081                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.340541                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.633955                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     26.339757                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88388450     99.92%     99.92% |       38464      0.04%     99.96% |       32051      0.04%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      88459081                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     75349825                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75349825    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     75349825                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13109256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.784916                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.473173                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.877202                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    13038625     99.46%     99.46% |       38464      0.29%     99.75% |       32051      0.24%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     13109256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     54765028                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       9.985267                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.824837                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     32.799964                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    54718739     99.92%     99.92% |       17087      0.03%     99.95% |       29097      0.05%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      54765028                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45242035                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45242035    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     45242035                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9522993                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    52.672662                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    31.787247                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.096583                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     9476704     99.51%     99.51% |       17087      0.18%     99.69% |       29097      0.31%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9522993                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056387290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001955                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000245                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.364781                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1056383892    100.00%    100.00% |        3301      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1056387290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056300177                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1056300177    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1056300177                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        87113                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.707426                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.576940                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.429086                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       83715     96.10%     96.10% |        3301      3.79%     99.89% |          21      0.02%     99.91% |          17      0.02%     99.93% |          46      0.05%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        87113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25594080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.179569                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029334                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.147923                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25592849    100.00%    100.00% |        1192      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25594080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25339964                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25339964    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     25339964                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       254116                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.085839                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.392561                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.866792                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      252885     99.52%     99.52% |        1192      0.47%     99.98% |          10      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.00%     99.99% |          18      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       254116                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       240683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.126037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.712990                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.103697                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      238615     99.14%     99.14% |        1701      0.71%     99.85% |         196      0.08%     99.93% |          18      0.01%     99.94% |         104      0.04%     99.98% |          47      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       240683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       207611                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      207611    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       207611                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33072                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    74.692701                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.252934                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.449151                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       31004     93.75%     93.75% |        1701      5.14%     98.89% |         196      0.59%     99.48% |          18      0.05%     99.54% |         104      0.31%     99.85% |          47      0.14%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33072                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       240683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      240683    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       240683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       240683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      240683    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       240683                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      671556     24.98%     24.98% |      671025     24.96%     49.94% |      672025     25.00%     74.93% |      673932     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2688538                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      798785     25.02%     25.02% |      797618     24.98%     50.00% |      798265     25.00%     75.01% |      797952     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      3192620                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      667176     24.98%     24.98% |      666650     24.96%     49.94% |      667657     25.00%     74.93% |      669550     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2671033                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           4     26.67%     40.00% |           9     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      401136     25.04%     25.04% |      400127     24.98%     50.03% |      400182     24.99%     75.01% |      400228     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1601673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      397649     24.99%     24.99% |      397491     24.98%     49.98% |      398083     25.02%     75.00% |      397724     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total      1590947                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      671556     24.98%     24.98% |      671025     24.96%     49.94% |      672025     25.00%     74.93% |      673932     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2688538                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      667175     24.98%     24.98% |      666652     24.96%     49.94% |      667661     25.00%     74.93% |      669559     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      2671047                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1470341     25.00%     25.00% |     1468643     24.97%     49.97% |     1470290     25.00%     74.97% |     1471884     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5881158                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      667175     24.98%     24.98% |      666652     24.96%     49.94% |      667661     25.00%     74.93% |      669559     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2671047                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      402397     24.94%     24.94% |      402465     24.94%     49.88% |      403464     25.00%     74.88% |      405329     25.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1613655                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      401136     25.04%     25.04% |      400127     24.98%     50.03% |      400182     24.99%     75.01% |      400228     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1601673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      667175     24.98%     24.98% |      666650     24.96%     49.94% |      667656     25.00%     74.93% |      669550     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      2671031                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      269159     25.04%     25.04% |      268560     24.99%     50.03% |      268561     24.99%     75.01% |      268603     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1074883                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      397649     24.99%     24.99% |      397491     24.98%     49.98% |      398083     25.02%     75.00% |      397724     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total      1590947                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           4     26.67%     40.00% |           9     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      667176     24.98%     24.98% |      666650     24.96%     49.94% |      667657     25.00%     74.93% |      669550     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2671033                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           4     26.67%     40.00% |           9     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      401136     25.04%     25.04% |      400127     24.98%     50.03% |      400182     24.99%     75.01% |      400228     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1601673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      401136     25.04%     25.04% |      400127     24.98%     50.03% |      400182     24.99%     75.01% |      400228     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1601673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      397649     24.99%     24.99% |      397491     24.98%     49.98% |      398083     25.02%     75.00% |      397724     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total      1590947                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      397649     24.99%     24.99% |      397491     24.98%     49.98% |      398083     25.02%     75.00% |      397724     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total      1590947                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      671556     24.98%     24.98% |      671025     24.96%     49.94% |      672025     25.00%     74.93% |      673932     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2688538                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      671556     24.98%     24.98% |      671025     24.96%     49.94% |      672025     25.00%     74.93% |      673932     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      2688538                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      667175     24.98%     24.98% |      666650     24.96%     49.94% |      667657     25.00%     74.93% |      669550     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      2671032                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           4     26.67%     40.00% |           9     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      404296      0.46%      0.46% |     1023931      1.16%      1.61% |      378127      0.43%      2.04% |    86652747     97.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     88459101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1842427      0.17%      0.17% |     5001471      0.47%      0.65% |     1697961      0.16%      0.81% |  1047845433     99.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1056387292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      309665      0.38%      0.38% |      707591      0.88%      1.26% |      277699      0.34%      1.60% |    79546437     98.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     80841392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       30239      0.13%      0.13% |       86130      0.38%      0.51% |       23481      0.10%      0.61% |    22826088     99.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     22965938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |           4     17.39%     17.39% |           5     21.74%     39.13% |           3     13.04%     52.17% |          11     47.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1782     20.67%     20.67% |        4630     53.70%     74.37% |        2069     24.00%     98.36% |         141      1.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         8622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8186     32.63%     32.63% |       11222     44.73%     77.36% |        4532     18.06%     95.42% |        1149      4.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        25089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1208     22.86%     22.86% |         633     11.98%     34.84% |        3385     64.06%     98.90% |          58      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         5284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        7244     52.01%     52.01% |        2416     17.35%     69.35% |        1732     12.43%     81.79% |        2537     18.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        13929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       28995      0.44%      0.44% |       33330      0.50%      0.94% |       21997      0.33%      1.27% |     6558540     98.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      6642862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        7238      0.04%      0.04% |       58031      0.35%      0.40% |        6110      0.04%      0.44% |    16292286     99.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total     16363665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       22893      0.67%      0.67% |       23216      0.68%      1.34% |       16885      0.49%      1.84% |     3367168     98.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3430162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        4580      0.02%      0.02% |       60280      0.31%      0.33% |        3753      0.02%      0.35% |    19457130     99.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total     19525743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        4846      0.05%      0.05% |       14201      0.14%      0.19% |        2700      0.03%      0.22% |     9788434     99.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      9810181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        7242      0.04%      0.04% |       58036      0.35%      0.40% |        6113      0.04%      0.44% |    16292297     99.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total     16363688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        9620      0.07%      0.07% |       53982      0.41%      0.49% |       11269      0.09%      0.57% |    13034385     99.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     13109256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       21771     24.99%     24.99% |       23183     26.61%     51.60% |       14141     16.23%     67.84% |       28018     32.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        87113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2521      0.03%      0.03% |       12535      0.13%      0.15% |        2000      0.02%      0.17% |     9762794     99.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      9779850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        2766     30.53%     30.53% |        2634     29.08%     59.61% |        2843     31.38%     90.99% |         816      9.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         9059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       98758      0.19%      0.19% |      145100      0.28%      0.47% |      102619      0.20%      0.67% |    51468959     99.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     51815436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1820656      0.17%      0.17% |     4978288      0.47%      0.64% |     1683820      0.16%      0.80% |  1047817413     99.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1056300177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2321      7.66%      7.66% |        1661      5.48%     13.14% |         697      2.30%     15.44% |       25629     84.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        30308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       25198      0.38%      0.38% |       31354      0.47%      0.86% |       17853      0.27%      1.13% |     6532590     98.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      6606995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        2800     51.93%     51.93% |        1224     22.70%     74.63% |         664     12.31%     86.94% |         704     13.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         5392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1208     22.86%     22.86% |         633     11.98%     34.84% |        3385     64.06%     98.90% |          58      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |           1      0.02%      0.02% |        4803     81.59%     81.60% |         898     15.25%     96.86% |         185      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         5887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           4     17.39%     17.39% |           5     21.74%     39.13% |           3     13.04%     52.17% |          11     47.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          48     29.63%     29.63% |          24     14.81%     44.44% |          55     33.95%     78.40% |          35     21.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1628     20.76%     20.76% |        4368     55.71%     76.47% |        1826     23.29%     99.76% |          19      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         7841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         487      8.32%      8.32% |        4417     75.44%     83.76% |         912     15.58%     99.33% |          39      0.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         5855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |        4899      0.05%      0.05% |       99649      1.09%      1.14% |       10740      0.12%      1.26% |     9063366     98.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      9178654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         131      0.00%      0.00% |       26239      0.93%      0.94% |         494      0.02%      0.95% |     2789565     99.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2816429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         489      0.02%      0.02% |        9682      0.35%      0.37% |         755      0.03%      0.39% |     2761657     99.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      2772583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         109     28.02%     28.02% |         145     37.28%     65.30% |         120     30.85%     96.14% |          15      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1668     20.57%     20.57% |        4429     54.63%     75.21% |        1977     24.39%     99.59% |          33      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         8107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        1845      2.72%      2.72% |       43641     64.31%     67.03% |        2155      3.18%     70.21% |       20217     29.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total        67858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          26      0.00%      0.00% |        3403      0.36%      0.36% |          61      0.01%      0.37% |      952522     99.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       956012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         277    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |           3     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        2370      0.04%      0.04% |       40432      0.72%      0.76% |        3352      0.06%      0.82% |     5551341     99.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      5597495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      288608      2.03%      2.03% |      672036      4.72%      6.74% |      250297      1.76%      8.50% |    13037905     91.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     14248846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      297902      0.51%      0.51% |      624993      1.06%      1.57% |      268785      0.46%      2.03% |    57535368     97.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     58727048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        1738      0.01%      0.01% |       42436      0.31%      0.33% |        1975      0.01%      0.34% |    13530016     99.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     13576165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |          45     11.48%     11.48% |         117     29.85%     41.33% |         123     31.38%     72.70% |         107     27.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3225     56.39%     56.39% |        1152     20.14%     76.53% |         969     16.94%     93.48% |         373      6.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         5719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |         565      1.70%      1.70% |        4718     14.23%     15.94% |         149      0.45%     16.39% |       27712     83.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        33144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        6760      0.08%      0.08% |       38750      0.45%      0.53% |        5659      0.07%      0.60% |     8479635     99.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      8530804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         697    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total          697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           7     70.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        4872      0.05%      0.05% |       17604      0.16%      0.21% |        2761      0.03%      0.23% |    10740956     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total     10766193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        3180     48.28%     48.28% |        1364     20.71%     68.98% |         911     13.83%     82.81% |        1132     17.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         6587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        2521      0.03%      0.03% |       12535      0.13%      0.15% |        2000      0.02%      0.17% |     9762794     99.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      9779850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3589     57.22%     57.22% |         967     15.42%     72.64% |         480      7.65%     80.29% |        1236     19.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         6272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        2321      7.66%      7.66% |        1661      5.48%     13.14% |         697      2.30%     15.44% |       25629     84.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        30308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |           4     17.39%     17.39% |           5     21.74%     39.13% |           3     13.04%     52.17% |          11     47.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         475     44.39%     44.39% |          85      7.94%     52.34% |         341     31.87%     84.21% |         169     15.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        4846      0.05%      0.05% |       14201      0.14%      0.19% |        2700      0.03%      0.22% |     9788434     99.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      9810181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       28995      0.44%      0.44% |       33330      0.50%      0.94% |       21997      0.33%      1.27% |     6558540     98.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6642862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        2396      0.04%      0.04% |       43835      0.67%      0.71% |        3413      0.05%      0.76% |     6503863     99.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      6553507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |          16     94.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       22893      0.67%      0.67% |       23216      0.68%      1.34% |       16885      0.49%      1.84% |     3367168     98.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      3430162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2305      0.07%      0.07% |        8138      0.26%      0.33% |         968      0.03%      0.36% |     3165422     99.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      3176833                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          48     29.63%     29.63% |          24     14.81%     44.44% |          55     33.95%     78.40% |          35     21.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.54%      0.54% |           0      0.00%      0.54% |         913     99.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2227      0.01%      0.01% |       52118      0.32%      0.33% |        2730      0.02%      0.35% |    16291673     99.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total     16348748                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       13196374      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        9810182      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       16348748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      6488755      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         118240      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       2688538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           5881158      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3176833      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     16348910      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      2671048      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       10073024      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     16363688      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      5843453      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3192620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2662335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         5392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX        23620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      3169678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         7155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        13826      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX          781      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX     16348748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          812      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         3289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         7052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         3460      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1292      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      3318968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX           75      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      3164470      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         1863      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         1834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       110057      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         2508      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      3315544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       107959      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7935      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      6547788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7112968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2671033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         3460      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA           89      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1292      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       107959      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         7155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3169678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      3315544      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         1834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     16348748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         5392      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2566      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           30      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         8107      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         7312      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         3289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         7052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       3192620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      3192620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       2662410      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data        26128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      2688538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      2688538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      7112968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      3318968      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      6547788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         1863      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       110057      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      2671033      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           15      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.779623                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1779623308000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54008230305001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 104481                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   156352                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              250852044                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2759376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7094.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   741217978                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1109212415                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     95053504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          95053504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43237440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       43237440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1485211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1485211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       675585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            675585                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     53412148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             53412148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24295838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            24295838                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     77707987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            77707987                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1485211                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    675585                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1485211                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  675585                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              95003200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  50304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               43231488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               95053504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            43237440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   786                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   81                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            93096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            92953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            92538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            91702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            92526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            92953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            93371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            95080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            93392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            92402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           92486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           92333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           92553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           92143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           92226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           92671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            42800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            42294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            42150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            41573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            41846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            42077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            42412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            43042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            42613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            42036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           41955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           41792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           42168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           42018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           42175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           42541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1779630673500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1485211                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              675585                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1484113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 34637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 35157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 37529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 37928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 37909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 37915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 37891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 37921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 37906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 37893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 37904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 37923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 37895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 37870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 37858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 37775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 37765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 37765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1028781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.367458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.696066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.056013                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       783909     76.20%     76.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       108232     10.52%     86.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        59556      5.79%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21644      2.10%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8406      0.82%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6948      0.68%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7938      0.77%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20795      2.02%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11353      1.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1028781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.416656                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   952.762152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37758     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8192-12287            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28672-32767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::86016-90111            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37765                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.886721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.876851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.579671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            2751      7.28%      7.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             349      0.92%      8.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           33203     87.92%     96.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1361      3.60%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              93      0.25%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15518016750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            43350985500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7422125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10453.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29203.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       53.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       24.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    53.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    24.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  885871                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 245265                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                59.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               36.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    823599.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3904052040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2130187125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5819860800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2191497120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        116463291360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        504300051810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        627490470000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1262299410255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           707.924774                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1039238492750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59425600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 680961207250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3885446880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2120035500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5790985200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2185691040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        116463291360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        503154704070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        628495161000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1262095315050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           707.810313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1040963199250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59425600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 679236500750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     94931776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          94931776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43198400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       43198400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1483309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1483309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       674975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            674975                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     53343747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             53343747                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24273901                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            24273901                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     77617648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            77617648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1483309                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    674975                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1483309                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  674975                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              94884416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  47360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               43194752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               94931776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            43198400                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   740                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   44                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            93185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            92819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            92192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            91560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            92489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            92890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            93349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            94745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            93242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            92230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           92369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           92218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           92419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           92159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           92126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           92577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            42875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            42115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            41940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            41575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            41839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            42133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            42472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            42891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            42518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            41991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           41917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           41807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           42127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           42055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           42136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           42527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1779622340000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1483309                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              674975                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1482298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    268                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 34591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 35077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 37485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 37898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 37918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 37858                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 37873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 37901                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 37920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 37904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 37870                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 37932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 37786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 37806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 37827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 37751                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 37739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 37739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1026661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.493501                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.650217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.892141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       782951     76.26%     76.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       107687     10.49%     86.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        59234      5.77%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21264      2.07%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8291      0.81%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6739      0.66%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7785      0.76%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20712      2.02%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11998      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1026661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.393545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1025.775591                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37734     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::94208-98303            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        37739                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.883834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.873940                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.580038                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2789      7.39%      7.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             322      0.85%      8.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           33210     88.00%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1328      3.52%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              82      0.22%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               8      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        37739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 15492434749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            43290603499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7412845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10449.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               29199.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       53.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       24.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    53.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    24.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  884999                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 245828                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                59.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               36.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    824554.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3895388280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2125459875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5811826800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2189203200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        116463291360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        503113799160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        628531042500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1262130011175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           707.829772                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1040931940250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59425600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 679265607000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3878053200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2116001250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5784230400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2184265440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        116463291360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        501872821380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        629619619500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1261918282530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           707.711030                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1042935101250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59425600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 677264598750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     95029120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          95029120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     43261120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       43261120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1484830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1484830                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       675955                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            675955                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     53398446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             53398446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24309144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            24309144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     77707591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            77707591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1484830                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    675955                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1484830                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  675955                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              94978624                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  50496                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               43257472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               95029120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            43261120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   789                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   34                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            93256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            92875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            92407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            91639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            92591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            92915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            93319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            94854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            93291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            92361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           92439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           92292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           92519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           92306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           92251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           92726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            42912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            42071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            42022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            41654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            41926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            42156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            42498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            42969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            42595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            42058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           41998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           41871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           42185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           42074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           42269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           42640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1779618163500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1484830                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              675955                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1483768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 34604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 35091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 37548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 37973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 37945                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 37948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 37942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 37941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 37971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 37979                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 37938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 37952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 37894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 37876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 37883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 37803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 37792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 37791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1028991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.341529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.560594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.834453                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       785450     76.33%     76.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       107595     10.46%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        59147      5.75%     92.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21063      2.05%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8439      0.82%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6663      0.65%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7630      0.74%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21044      2.05%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11960      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1028991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.376545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1003.136937                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37786     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::77824-81919            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::114688-118783            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        37791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.885158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.875042                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.586872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            2822      7.47%      7.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             339      0.90%      8.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           33103     87.59%     95.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1417      3.75%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20             104      0.28%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        37791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 15561335999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            43387104749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                7420205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    10485.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               29235.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       53.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       24.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    53.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    24.31                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     24.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  884975                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 245974                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                59.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               36.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    823597.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   52.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              3902759280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2129481750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             5816889000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2191587840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        116463291360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        503498672280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        628193434500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1262196116010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           707.866845                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1040395264750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59425600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 679802434500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              3888145800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2121508125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             5790423600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2188231200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        116463291360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        502315357410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        629231430000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1261998387495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           707.755954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1042256327750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59425600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 677943372250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     95136448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          95136448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     43379904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       43379904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1486507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1486507                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       677811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            677811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     53458756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             53458756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24375891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            24375891                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     77834647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            77834647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1486507                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    677811                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1486507                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  677811                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              95086976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  49472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               43376000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               95136448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            43379904                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   773                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                   35                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            93340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            92821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            92579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            91733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            92712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            93061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            93503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            95000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            93521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            92429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           92588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           92413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           92675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           92280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           92315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           92764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            42974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            42311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            42161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            41717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            42030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            42253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            42648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            43093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            42748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            42150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           42098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           41931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           42388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           42195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           42363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           42690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1779617999000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1486507                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              677811                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1485489                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 34690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 35196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 37666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 38051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 38034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 38034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 38036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 38045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 38071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 38054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 38031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 38066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 38098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 37988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 37974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 37893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 37887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 37887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1032168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   134.147836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.492723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.657358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       787976     76.34%     76.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       108439     10.51%     86.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        59055      5.72%     92.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21039      2.04%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8246      0.80%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6628      0.64%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7646      0.74%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21159      2.05%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11980      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1032168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     39.322037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1065.649149                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        37882     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::106496-110591            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::118784-122879            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::126976-131071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        37887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.888722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.878369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.594740                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            2828      7.46%      7.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             334      0.88%      8.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           33147     87.49%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1410      3.72%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20             141      0.37%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21              26      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        37887                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 15541607000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            43399119500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7428670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    10460.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               29210.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       53.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       24.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    53.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    24.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  885318                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 245999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                59.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               36.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    822253.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   52.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              3916405080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2136927375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             5823690600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2197931760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        116463291360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        504136193625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        627634197000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1262308636800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           707.929954                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1039454457500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  59425600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 680743377000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              3898601280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2127213000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             5797006800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            2193888240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        116463291360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        502592441535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        628988373750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1262060815965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           707.790965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1041828126500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  59425600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 678371573500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3559430387                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3473604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      6937696                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              6817478                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     173424                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       489458                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     6817478                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        21533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           13928938                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           5478229                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               34273                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              16707                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             3678950                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2036286                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1708041                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1006631                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    701410                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3542742036.393677                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              16688350.606323                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004688                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995312                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           731407                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                71773      1.03%      1.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  5115860     73.74%     74.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7695      0.11%     74.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    18503      0.27%     75.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  15934      0.23%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1006631     14.51%     89.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 701410     10.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   6937838                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3559246616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   14721355                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     26536480                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             26255759                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5627                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     545271                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1916514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    26255759                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         5627                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           52485617                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          21669612                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                9148                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               4399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            15414496                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10673441                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5669910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3560042                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2109868                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3501025078.002033                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              58221537.997967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.016358                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.983642                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2612172                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                86438      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 20714188     78.06%     78.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   42396      0.16%     78.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    19689      0.07%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   4154      0.02%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3560042     13.42%     92.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2109868      7.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  26536791                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3558460843                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1812316                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      3779805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              3694921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7491                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     101676                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       266139                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     3694921                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         7491                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            7556306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3027953                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               12375                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               6003                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2053345                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1111006                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       920712                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     565951                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    354761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3550131923.177279                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8328919.822720                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002341                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997659                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           404035                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                60471      1.60%      1.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2767814     73.22%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    6161      0.16%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    19049      0.50%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   5742      0.15%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  565951     14.97%     90.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 354761      9.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   3779949                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3559603138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  719863676                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1069479536                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            468935442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708853926                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     989812                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     11246189                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   468935442                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708853926                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          981813712                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         347800593                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593862418                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654324516                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           114382846                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          203444334                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    130452011                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   76076972                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54375039                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              60489693.516265                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3499113444.483735                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.983007                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.016993                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12592138                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               333864      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                435284714     40.70%     40.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   90802      0.01%     40.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     6113      0.00%     40.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503328816     47.06%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                76076972      7.11%     94.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54375039      5.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1069496368                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 3222                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                3222                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3647                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3647                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               269                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              269                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1988                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   14276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1892                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6663                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          932                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    17881                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                80500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2018981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4438500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1417992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1423992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1395498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1460759                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              351998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             6099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1547500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2479213838                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000687                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2479212668    100.00%    100.00% |        1170      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2479213838                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2479213838                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.861379                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.064903                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        10.184485                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2478977895     99.99%     99.99% |      112113      0.00%    100.00% |      123384      0.00%    100.00% |         386      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2479213838                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2432930181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2432930181    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2432930181                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46283657                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.140296                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    29.032534                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.879929                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    46047714     99.49%     99.49% |      112113      0.24%     99.73% |      123384      0.27%    100.00% |         386      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     46283657                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1668736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        45081                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1713817                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      4635920                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        37647                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4673567                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      5481683                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       192381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5674064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits     19247195                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        38079                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses     19285274                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       897619                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25085                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       922704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      2376792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        19981                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2396773                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    144481345                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     22862952                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    167344297                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1051460596                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        55901                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1051516497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           731                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     17292872                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5984235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     23277107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.010467                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::0        82728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18741                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        51131                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10139                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        28357                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       138990                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        13524                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1603                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       123866                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       661824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1349352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3681432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1882080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        81112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2041704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1111920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       108192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        12824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       990928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.033381                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::0       230460                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::2        30794                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       189881                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        28205                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4742                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       172735                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       430416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18462                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          845                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       272933                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1843680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2217168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     13671432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2030760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        37936                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     12436920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3443328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       147696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      2183464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.005516                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::0        45066                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29910                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18321                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5974                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        10534                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        71074                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8990                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3627                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        70069                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       360528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       412632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2153520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1319112                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        47792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       758448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       568592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        71920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       560552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     3.348377                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::0     22918853                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5884591                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17021950                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4819                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19487714                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     45773446                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3404                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          509                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26317862                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    183350824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423690552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1225580400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1126080                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        38552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1403115408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    366187568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    210542896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     4.059933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23277107                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5939857                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::2     11879714                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17292872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12506                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     22403539                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     46413926                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      5408399                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        44380                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6241                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     32724589                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    186216856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47518856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    855339408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1245086784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       100048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1613054808                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    371311408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     43267192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       355040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        49928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    261796712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.166949                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1485211                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1485211                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       675553                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1351140                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1485213                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11881688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106935192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48639816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10809120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11881704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.166755                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1483309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1483309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       674943                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1349918                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1483309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11866472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106798248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48595896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10799344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11866472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.166948                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1484830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1484830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       675923                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1351880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1484830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11878640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106907760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48666456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10815040                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11878640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.167221                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1486507                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1486507                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       677779                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1355591                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1486507                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    107028504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48800088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     10844728                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.738686                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23277107                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5939857                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::2     11879714                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17292872                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        44154                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::2        19090                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     22403538                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     46413926                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      5408529                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        44380                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     32724589                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    186216856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47518856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    855339408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1245086784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      3179088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       152720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1613054736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    371311408                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     43268232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       355040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        52672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    261796712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     87650892                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     35639142                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     51878616                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       132462                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        57270                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     67210615                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control    155468133                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       133146                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        19409                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     98173767                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    701207136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2566018224                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   3735260352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      9537264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       458160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   4839164280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control   1243745064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control      1065168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       155272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    785390136                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011753                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18741                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        51131                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        69495                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        13524                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1603                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1349352                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3681432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       916992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        68288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       555960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       108192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        12824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009181                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        82728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13404                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1603                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        28357                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        69495                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       123866                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       661824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       965088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      2041704                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       555960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       990928                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.032484                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        30794                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       189881                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9764                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3897                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       215208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18462                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          845                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2217168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     13671432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       703008                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31176                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1721664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       147696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034277                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       230460                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        18441                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          845                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       172735                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       215208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       272933                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1843680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1327752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         6760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     12436920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1721664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      2183464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006401                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5731                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29910                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9378                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2347                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35537                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8990                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3627                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       412632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2153520                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       675216                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        18776                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       284296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        71920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004630                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        45066                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8943                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3627                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        10534                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35537                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        70069                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       360528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       643896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        29016                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       758448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       284296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       560552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     3.219281                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5884591                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17021950                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12274                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4308                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22886723                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3404                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          509                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423690552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1225580400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       883728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    183093784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     3.477473                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0     22918853                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         3366                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          511                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19487714                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22886723                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26317862                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    183350824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       242352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1403115408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    183093784                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    210542896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     4.308858                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23277107                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5939857                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19699340                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23206963                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2704199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26784730                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    186216856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    427669704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1418352480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    185655704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21633592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    214277840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     3.811008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      5939857                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5939857                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17292872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        12504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      2704199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23206963                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2704200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        44380                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         6241                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      5939859                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     47518856                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    427669704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1245086784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       100032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    194702328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    185655704                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21633600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       355040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        49928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     47518872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.136630                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1485211                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       675553                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       675587                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1485213                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11881688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48639816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5404696                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11881704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.197268                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1485211                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       675553                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106935192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5404424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.136491                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1483309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       674943                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       674975                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1483309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11866472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48595896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5399800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11866472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.197019                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1483309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       674943                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106798248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5399544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.136672                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1484830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       675923                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       675956                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1484830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11878640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48666456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5407648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11878640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.197225                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1484830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       675924                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    106907760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5407392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.136979                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1486507                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       677779                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       677812                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1486507                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48800088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5422496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.197463                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1486507                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       677779                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    107028504                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5422232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000004                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011753                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        18741                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        51131                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12736                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         8536                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        69495                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        13524                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1603                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1349352                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3681432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       916992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        68288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       555960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       108192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        12824                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.032484                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2        30794                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       189881                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9764                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3897                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       215208                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        18462                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          845                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2217168                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     13671432                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       703008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1721664                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       147696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.link_utilization     0.006401                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5731                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        29910                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9378                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2347                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        35537                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8990                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3627                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       412632                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      2153520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       675216                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        18776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       284296                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        71920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.link_utilization     3.219281                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5884591                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2     17021950                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12274                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4308                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22886723                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         3404                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          509                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    423690552                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2   1225580400                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       883728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        34464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    183093784                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4072                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.link_utilization     4.308858                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0     23277107                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      5939857                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2     19699340                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     23206963                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      2704199                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     26784730                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0    186216856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    427669704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2   1418352480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    185655704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     21633592                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    214277840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.link_utilization     0.136630                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1485211                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       675553                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       675587                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1485213                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11881688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48639816                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5404696                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11881704                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.link_utilization     0.136491                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1483309                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       674943                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       674975                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1483309                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11866472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48595896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5399800                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11866472                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.link_utilization     0.136672                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1484830                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       675923                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       675956                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1484830                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11878640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48666456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5407648                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11878640                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.link_utilization     0.136979                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1486507                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       677779                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       677812                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1486507                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     11892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     48800088                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      5422496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     11892056                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    180447937                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.242048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.621897                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     26.142361                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   180306252     99.92%     99.92% |       77114      0.04%     99.96% |       64339      0.04%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     180447937                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    154106098                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   154106098    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    154106098                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     26341839                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.759533                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.460621                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.858229                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    26200154     99.46%     99.46% |       77114      0.29%     99.75% |       64339      0.24%    100.00% |         194      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     26341839                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    111975492                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       9.825641                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.805108                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     32.527938                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   111882467     99.92%     99.92% |       34366      0.03%     99.95% |       58449      0.05%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     111975492                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     92859690                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    92859690    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     92859690                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19115802                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    52.698355                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    31.807597                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.098626                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    19022777     99.51%     99.51% |       34366      0.18%     99.69% |       58449      0.31%    100.00% |         188      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19115802                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2134259401                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.459815                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2134248320    100.00%    100.00% |       10761      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2134259401                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2134020680                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2134020680    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2134020680                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       238721                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.250481                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.087866                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.394247                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      227640     95.36%     95.36% |       10761      4.51%     99.87% |          67      0.03%     99.89% |          60      0.03%     99.92% |         145      0.06%     99.98% |          48      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       238721                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51428280                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.180175                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029315                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.179639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51425611     99.99%     99.99% |        2583      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51428280                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     50918269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50918269    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     50918269                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       510011                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    19.168447                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.422641                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.338691                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      507342     99.48%     99.48% |        2583      0.51%     99.98% |          22      0.00%     99.99% |          21      0.00%     99.99% |          40      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       510011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       551364                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.206361                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.727650                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.260242                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      545988     99.02%     99.02% |        4549      0.83%     99.85% |         416      0.08%     99.93% |          47      0.01%     99.93% |         244      0.04%     99.98% |         116      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       551364                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       474080                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      474080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       474080                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        77284                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    73.814813                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    49.439155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.659202                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       71908     93.04%     93.04% |        4549      5.89%     98.93% |         416      0.54%     99.47% |          47      0.06%     99.53% |         244      0.32%     99.84% |         116      0.15%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        77284                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       551364                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      551364    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       551364                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       551364                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      551364    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       551364                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      679281     24.98%     24.98% |      678648     24.96%     49.94% |      679663     25.00%     74.94% |      681533     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2719125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      805930     25.02%     25.02% |      804661     24.98%     50.01% |      805167     25.00%     75.01% |      804974     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      3220732                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      675552     24.98%     24.98% |      674939     24.96%     49.94% |      675919     25.00%     74.94% |      677768     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2704178                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           5     23.81%     47.62% |          11     52.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      406273     25.05%     25.05% |      405162     24.98%     50.03% |      405186     24.98%     75.01% |      405311     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1621932                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |      399657     25.00%     25.00% |      399499     24.99%     49.98% |      399981     25.02%     75.00% |      399663     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total      1598800                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      679313     24.98%     24.98% |      678680     24.96%     49.94% |      679695     25.00%     74.94% |      681565     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2719253                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      675553     24.98%     24.98% |      674943     24.96%     49.94% |      675923     25.00%     74.94% |      677779     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      2704198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1485211     25.00%     25.00% |     1483309     24.97%     49.98% |     1484830     25.00%     74.97% |     1486507     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5939857                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      675585     24.98%     24.98% |      674975     24.96%     49.94% |      675955     25.00%     74.94% |      677811     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2704326                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      406578     24.94%     24.94% |      406635     24.94%     49.88% |      407661     25.01%     74.89% |      409409     25.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      1630283                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      406273     25.05%     25.05% |      405162     24.98%     50.03% |      405186     24.98%     75.01% |      405311     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1621932                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      675552     24.98%     24.98% |      674939     24.96%     49.94% |      675918     25.00%     74.94% |      677768     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      2704177                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      272703     25.05%     25.05% |      272013     24.98%     50.03% |      272002     24.98%     75.01% |      272124     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1088842                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |      399657     25.00%     25.00% |      399499     24.99%     49.98% |      399981     25.02%     75.00% |      399663     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total      1598800                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           5     23.81%     47.62% |          11     52.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      675552     24.98%     24.98% |      674939     24.96%     49.94% |      675919     25.00%     74.94% |      677768     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2704178                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           5     23.81%     47.62% |          11     52.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      406273     25.05%     25.05% |      405162     24.98%     50.03% |      405186     24.98%     75.01% |      405311     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1621932                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      406273     25.05%     25.05% |      405162     24.98%     50.03% |      405186     24.98%     75.01% |      405311     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1621932                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |      399657     25.00%     25.00% |      399499     24.99%     49.98% |      399981     25.02%     75.00% |      399663     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total      1598800                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |      399657     25.00%     25.00% |      399499     24.99%     49.98% |      399981     25.02%     75.00% |      399663     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total      1598800                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      679281     24.98%     24.98% |      678648     24.96%     49.94% |      679663     25.00%     74.94% |      681533     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2719125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      679281     24.98%     24.98% |      678648     24.96%     49.94% |      679663     25.00%     74.94% |      681533     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      2719125                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      675552     24.98%     24.98% |      674939     24.96%     49.94% |      675918     25.00%     74.94% |      677768     25.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      2704177                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           5     23.81%     47.62% |          11     52.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |          32     25.20%     25.20% |          32     25.20%     50.39% |          31     24.41%     74.80% |          32     25.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total          127                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      949206      1.03%      1.03% |     3216489      3.50%      4.53% |      531514      0.58%      5.11% |    87291684     94.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     91988893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4673567      0.43%      0.43% |    19285274      1.79%      2.22% |     2396773      0.22%      2.45% |  1051516507     97.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1077872121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      764621      0.91%      0.91% |     2457585      2.94%      3.85% |      391192      0.47%      4.32% |    80053546     95.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     83666944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       73970      0.32%      0.32% |      219165      0.94%      1.26% |       39388      0.17%      1.43% |    22889331     98.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     23221854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |         120     53.10%     53.10% |          21      9.29%     62.39% |          47     20.80%     83.19% |          38     16.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        3169     25.67%     25.67% |        5549     44.95%     70.61% |        2901     23.50%     94.11% |         727      5.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        12346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |       10887     32.76%     32.76% |       12962     39.00%     71.76% |        6442     19.38%     91.14% |        2943      8.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        33234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1603     24.35%     24.35% |         845     12.83%     37.18% |        3627     55.09%     92.27% |         509      7.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         6584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        8536     44.72%     44.72% |        3897     20.42%     65.14% |        2347     12.30%     77.43% |        4308     22.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        19088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       54617      0.81%      0.81% |       62805      0.93%      1.74% |       31936      0.47%      2.21% |     6603014     97.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      6752372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       27991      0.17%      0.17% |      167634      1.01%      1.18% |       13083      0.08%      1.26% |    16315801     98.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total     16524509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       41138      1.17%      1.17% |       42473      1.21%      2.38% |       25003      0.71%      3.10% |     3399009     96.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3507623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       28357      0.14%      0.14% |      172735      0.88%      1.02% |       10534      0.05%      1.07% |    19487714     98.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total     19699340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       18661      0.19%      0.19% |       63750      0.64%      0.83% |        7235      0.07%      0.91% |     9803270     99.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      9892916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       28111      0.17%      0.17% |      167655      1.01%      1.18% |       13130      0.08%      1.26% |    16315839     98.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total     16524735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       26420      0.20%      0.20% |      128631      0.97%      1.17% |       17850      0.13%      1.31% |    13059682     98.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     13232583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       37647     24.83%     24.83% |       38079     25.12%     49.95% |       19981     13.18%     63.13% |       55901     36.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       151608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       14566      0.15%      0.15% |       57048      0.58%      0.73% |        6214      0.06%      0.79% |     9773437     99.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      9851265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4472     32.16%     32.16% |        3951     28.41%     60.58% |        3851     27.70%     88.27% |        1631     11.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        13905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      219657      0.42%      0.42% |      423919      0.81%      1.23% |      147020      0.28%      1.51% |    51641483     98.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     52432079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4635920      0.43%      0.43% |    19247195      1.79%      2.22% |     2376792      0.22%      2.44% |  1051460596     97.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1077720503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3975      9.60%      9.60% |        6681     16.13%     25.72% |         974      2.35%     28.07% |       29795     71.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        41425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       48841      0.73%      0.73% |       55330      0.83%      1.55% |       27086      0.40%      1.96% |     6572753     98.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      6704010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        3158     46.28%     46.28% |        1538     22.54%     68.83% |        1118     16.39%     85.21% |        1009     14.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         6823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1603     24.35%     24.35% |         845     12.83%     37.18% |        3627     55.09%     92.27% |         509      7.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         6584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        2798     29.93%     29.93% |        5264     56.32%     86.25% |         992     10.61%     96.87% |         293      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         9347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |         120     53.10%     53.10% |          21      9.29%     62.39% |          47     20.80%     83.19% |          38     16.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         135     24.50%     24.50% |         122     22.14%     46.64% |         199     36.12%     82.76% |          95     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1988     22.99%     22.99% |        4498     52.02%     75.02% |        2032     23.50%     98.52% |         128      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         8646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         598      9.24%      9.24% |        4557     70.41%     79.65% |        1044     16.13%     95.78% |         273      4.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         6472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       38385      0.41%      0.41% |      222332      2.36%      2.77% |       28690      0.30%      3.07% |     9123355     96.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      9412762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        1944      0.07%      0.07% |       61929      2.17%      2.23% |        1101      0.04%      2.27% |     2793738     97.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2858712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        3328      0.12%      0.12% |       28253      1.01%      1.13% |        1878      0.07%      1.20% |     2764985     98.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      2798444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         518     52.64%     52.64% |         185     18.80%     71.44% |         186     18.90%     90.35% |          95      9.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2254     23.92%     23.92% |        4641     49.25%     73.17% |        2298     24.39%     97.56% |         230      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         9423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        5898      4.20%      4.20% |      104538     74.52%     78.72% |        3347      2.39%     81.11% |       26498     18.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total       140281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        1439      0.15%      0.15% |        8905      0.92%      1.07% |         373      0.04%      1.11% |      953548     98.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       964265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         280    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total          280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |          48     88.89%     88.89% |           4      7.41%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           2      3.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |         202     59.24%     59.24% |          23      6.74%     65.98% |          80     23.46%     89.44% |          36     10.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        8011      0.14%      0.14% |       95000      1.68%      1.82% |        5522      0.10%      1.91% |     5559021     98.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      5667554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      653839      3.91%      3.91% |     2322458     13.89%     17.80% |      333041      1.99%     19.79% |    13411347     80.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     16720685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      662956      1.08%      1.08% |     2226394      3.64%      4.72% |      351649      0.57%      5.30% |    57951682     94.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     61192681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       17191      0.13%      0.13% |      131503      0.96%      1.09% |        6374      0.05%      1.13% |    13548890     98.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     13703958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         607     22.92%     22.92% |         856     32.33%     55.25% |         683     25.79%     81.04% |         502     18.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        4281     46.76%     46.76% |        2166     23.66%     70.41% |        1582     17.28%     87.69% |        1127     12.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         9156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        2199      5.35%      5.35% |        9342     22.72%     28.07% |         572      1.39%     29.46% |       29006     70.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total        41119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       79621      0.91%      0.91% |       96602      1.10%      2.01% |       30834      0.35%      2.36% |     8550395     97.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      8757452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           3      0.42%      0.42% |           6      0.85%      1.27% |           0      0.00%      1.27% |         697     98.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total          706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           8     57.14%     57.14% |           6     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         394     38.67%     38.67% |          37      3.63%     42.30% |         320     31.40%     73.70% |         268     26.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         1019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       20100      0.19%      0.19% |       72655      0.67%      0.85% |        7608      0.07%      0.92% |    10756818     99.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total     10857181                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        3794     39.77%     39.77% |        2209     23.16%     62.93% |        1253     13.14%     76.07% |        2283     23.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         9539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       14566      0.15%      0.15% |       57048      0.58%      0.73% |        6214      0.06%      0.79% |     9773437     99.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      9851265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3777     53.77%     53.77% |        1142     16.26%     70.02% |         656      9.34%     79.36% |        1450     20.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         7025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        3975      9.60%      9.60% |        6681     16.13%     25.72% |         974      2.35%     28.07% |       29795     71.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total        41425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |         120     53.10%     53.10% |          21      9.29%     62.39% |          47     20.80%     83.19% |          38     16.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          226                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         965     38.23%     38.23% |         546     21.63%     59.87% |         438     17.35%     77.22% |         575     22.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       18661      0.19%      0.19% |       63750      0.64%      0.83% |        7235      0.07%      0.91% |     9803270     99.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      9892916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       54617      0.81%      0.81% |       62805      0.93%      1.74% |       31936      0.47%      2.21% |     6603014     97.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6752372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        9450      0.14%      0.14% |      103905      1.57%      1.71% |        5895      0.09%      1.80% |     6512569     98.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      6631819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |          10     32.26%     32.26% |           3      9.68%     41.94% |           2      6.45%     48.39% |          16     51.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       41138      1.17%      1.17% |       42473      1.21%      2.38% |       25003      0.71%      3.10% |     3399009     96.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total      3507623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        7703      0.24%      0.24% |       12857      0.40%      0.64% |        2083      0.07%      0.71% |     3173744     99.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      3196387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         135     24.50%     24.50% |         122     22.14%     46.64% |         199     36.12%     82.76% |          95     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.54%      0.54% |           0      0.00%      0.54% |         913     99.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       20519      0.12%      0.12% |      159756      0.97%      1.09% |        8252      0.05%      1.14% |    16313875     98.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total     16502402                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       13384634      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        9892920      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       16502402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      6559403      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         144611      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA              2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       2719125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           5939857      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3196387      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     16502953      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      2704199      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock       10259995      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     16524735      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck               2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      5890236      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3220732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2679736      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         6823      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX        32967      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      3188117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         8270      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        18579      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         3632      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX     16502402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2982      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          897      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          322      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         3490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         7975      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         4221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS      3371733      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         2384      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      3177362      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS         2044      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           91      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS         1983      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       135145      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         4038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only      3366887      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       132931      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         8674      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      6622663      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7161196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2704179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          322      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         4221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          229      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       132931      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         8270      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      3188117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock      3366887      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock         1983      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA     16502402      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         6823      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2982      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           91      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          100      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         9423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        13685      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         3490      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           94      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         7975      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS          237      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       3220732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      3220732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       2682120      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data        37005      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      2719125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      2719125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      7161196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock      3371733      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      6622663      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock         2044      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       135145      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      2704178      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck            2      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
