
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.462049                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                462049078500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52369108274501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 129948                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   234520                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              223352220                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1827676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2068.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268823104                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485152679                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       106048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            106048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        35264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          35264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1657                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0          551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               551                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       229517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               229517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        76321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               76321                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       305838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              305838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       1657                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       551                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     1657                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     551                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                105408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  33408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 106048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               35264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11              56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 462008296000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 1657                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                 551                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   167.277978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.826570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   214.702795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          498     59.93%     59.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          186     22.38%     82.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           73      8.78%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           11      1.32%     92.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           13      1.56%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.96%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      0.96%     95.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.20%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           24      2.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          831                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    146.310345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   763.599657                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           28     96.55%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      3.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              29    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           29                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    15284500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               46165750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   8235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     9280.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               28030.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     20.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     870                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    470                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                52.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               85.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 209242887.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   61.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                 7643160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 4170375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               19663800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               2546640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         30392054160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         11578931550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        269031642000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          311036651685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.444168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445846603000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15428920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    769299750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                 9578520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 5226375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               22861800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                835920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         30392054160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         11792601180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        268844212500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          311067370455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.510185                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445626276750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15428920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    996437000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       100800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            100800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        34880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          34880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1          545                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               545                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       218159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               218159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        75490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               75490                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       293648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              293648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       1575                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       545                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     1575                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     545                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                100416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  32704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 100800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               34880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     6                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1               46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 462048886000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 1575                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                 545                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   1558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.795918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.743019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   216.734665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127          474     60.46%     60.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          157     20.03%     80.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           80     10.20%     90.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      2.04%     92.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639            8      1.02%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      1.02%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.89%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.28%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           24      3.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    150.607143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   773.517284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           27     96.43%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.250000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.239533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.645497                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              24     85.71%     85.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      3.57%     89.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               3     10.71%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    14626750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               44045500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                   7845000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9322.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               28072.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     28.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     835                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    461                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                53.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               84.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 217947587.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                 7484400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 4083750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               19414200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               2481840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         30392054160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         11568192750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        269041062000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          311034773100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.440130                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445840271250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15428920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    779694750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                 9548280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 5209875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               22495200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                829440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         30392054160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         11795927985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        268841294250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          311067359190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.510161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445629744500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15428920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    992969250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       102080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            102080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        33792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          33792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               1595                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2          528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       220929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               220929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        73135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               73135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       294064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              294064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       1595                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       528                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     1595                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     528                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                102080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  32320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 102080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               33792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8               38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11              47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 462054666000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 1595                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                 528                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   1584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples          787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   170.856417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.015389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   219.554333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127          477     60.61%     60.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          155     19.70%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383           82     10.42%     90.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511           17      2.16%     92.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639            7      0.89%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767            5      0.64%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8      1.02%     95.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      1.02%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      3.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total          787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    148.857143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   766.592398                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           27     96.43%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.035714                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.034791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.188982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              27     96.43%     96.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      3.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    15803250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat               45709500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                   7975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     9907.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               28657.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     22.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                     855                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    460                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                53.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               87.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 217642329.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   61.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                 7454160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 4067250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               19336200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               2442960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         30392054160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         11600474985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        269012744250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          311038573965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.448299                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445836980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15428920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    789947000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                 9374400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 5115000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               22503000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                829440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         30392054160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         11784336750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        268851462000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          311065674750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.506541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445626310250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15428920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    996248500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       106496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            106496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        34176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          34176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         1664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               1664                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3          534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               534                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       230486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               230486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        73966                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               73966                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       304453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              304453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       1664                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       534                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     1664                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     534                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                106368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  32256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 106496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               34176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     2                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1               65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5               51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7               62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8               37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10              61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15              16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 461987053500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 1664                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                 534                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   1648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples          826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.135593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.497859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   217.053460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127          507     61.38%     61.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          165     19.98%     81.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383           78      9.44%     90.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511           14      1.69%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           14      1.69%     94.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767            3      0.36%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      1.09%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            8      0.97%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      3.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total          826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    150.071429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   771.299525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           27     96.43%     96.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      3.57%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              28    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           28                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    16142250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat               47304750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                   8310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9712.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               28462.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     23.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                     883                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    460                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                53.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               86.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 210185192.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   61.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                 7635600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 4166250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               19663800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               2436480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         30392054160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         11624575725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        268991603250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          311042135265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.455952                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445790169750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  15428920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    831252000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                 9510480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 5189250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               22791600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                829440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         30392054160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         11769871860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        268864150500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          311064397290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.503795                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 445607480750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  15428920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1013843000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       927549715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     399235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       842069                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               827074                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      24805                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        55373                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      827074                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1672667                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            675037                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              444381                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             257805                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       201201                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     122788                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     78413                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              925755989.267159                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              1793725.732841                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.001934                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.998066                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            87679                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                 9668      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   626829     74.44%     75.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1677      0.20%     75.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2478      0.29%     76.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  122788     14.58%     90.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  78413      9.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    842092                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       926053329                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265730106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479155895                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269528273                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9864090                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14996317                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269528273                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512465960                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176035073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106885862                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82958323                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84018799                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62864007                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21154792                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3525044.409530                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              922528284.590470                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996193                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003807                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27043632                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10606      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244754538     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2390      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1737      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62864007     13.12%     95.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21154792      4.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479155992                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       923607839                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     367529                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       778642                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               763624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      21503                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        56149                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      763624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1540290                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            627990                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              435096                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             234019                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       183556                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     113595                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     69961                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              921891368.229128                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1716470.770872                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001858                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998142                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            84517                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                11644      1.50%      1.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   577884     74.22%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1574      0.20%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     3971      0.51%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  113595     14.59%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  69961      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    778646                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       922323114                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1001927                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1939609                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1909987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      40744                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       157285                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1909987                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            3886937                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1555692                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1111968                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             647510                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       444156                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     273630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    170526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              918279881.344267                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4043232.655733                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004384                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995616                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           213571                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                19820      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1466182     75.59%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2353      0.12%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     5844      0.30%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  273630     14.11%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 170526      8.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1939699                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 566                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                566                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          304                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          542                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          593                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                82000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                31996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              118500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              317999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              311495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              328498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              313498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               10498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              225000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              246500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              201000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    461992838                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000660                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461992637    100.00%    100.00% |         201      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    461992838                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      461992838                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.008686                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.001593                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.561110                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   461992370    100.00%    100.00% |         395      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        461992838                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461967798                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.005771                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001385                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.240163                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   461701189     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |      266609      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    461967798                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        25040                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    54.788179                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.977838                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    43.040731                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |       24572     98.13%     98.13% |         395      1.58%     99.71% |           9      0.04%     99.74% |          19      0.08%     99.82% |          40      0.16%     99.98% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        25040                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           11                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       196928                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4764                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       201692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits       517996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         6312                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses       524308                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         6065                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         5011                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        11076                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     83790098                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       231777                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84021875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    374796966                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        12638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    374809604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       236081                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8334                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       244415                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       179472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         4372                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       183844                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits       476617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         5720                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses       482337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         5406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         4686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        10092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       431221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        15119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       446340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      1311891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        10947                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1322838                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        19057                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         7009                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        26066                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.003700                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5011                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8301                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4        29873                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         5011                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        40088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       597672                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       238984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       177280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        40088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.005079                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8334                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        13121                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4        33854                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        18840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         8334                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        66672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       944712                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       270832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       150720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        66672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.003659                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4686                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8171                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4        29862                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22484                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4686                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        37488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       588312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       238896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       179872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        37488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.005085                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        13959                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4        28081                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        20163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         7009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        56072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1005048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       224648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       161304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        56072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.001078                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6993                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1645                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2174                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         7534                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         6993                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       118440                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        60272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        55944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.000890                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4945                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1567                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2158                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         5485                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4945                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        39560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       112824                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        43880                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        39560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.000999                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6285                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1595                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         6805                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         6285                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        50280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       114840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        54440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        50280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.001061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6817                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         7345                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         6817                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        54536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       119808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        58760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        54536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000122                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.002320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4        25012                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4        65113                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           70                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           70                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           52                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        83647                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        25040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       200320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1800864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       520904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       669176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       200320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        75150                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        75119                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       195339                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data           54                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        13332                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control       194463                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control        75120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       601200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      5408568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      1562712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data         3888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       106656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control      1555704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control       600960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004231                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5004                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        11005                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22160                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       360288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        88040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       177280                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003169                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5011                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3297                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        18868                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         5011                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        40088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       237384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       150944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        40088                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006146                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        19815                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        18840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       599040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       158520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       150720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004011                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8334                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4801                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        14039                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         8334                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        66672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       345672                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       112312                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        66672                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004084                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4682                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22484                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       337104                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        86912                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       179872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003234                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4686                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         3489                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        18998                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4686                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        37488                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       251208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       151984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        37488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005306                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7002                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        14873                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        20163                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       504144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       118984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       161304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6957                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        13208                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         7009                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        56072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       500904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       105664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        56072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000910                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6993                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2174                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         6993                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        55944                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001245                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1643                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         7534                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       118296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        60272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000686                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4945                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2158                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4945                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        39560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17264                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        39560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001094                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1565                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         5485                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       112680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        43880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6285                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         6285                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        50280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        50280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001174                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1595                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         6805                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       114840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        54440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000886                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6817                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         6817                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        54536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        54536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         7345                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       119808                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        58760                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000116                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004231                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5004                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        11005                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       360288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        88040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       177280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006146                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        19815                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           62                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        18840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       599040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       158520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       150720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004084                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4682                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        10864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22484                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       337104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        86912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       179872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.005306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7002                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        14873                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        20163                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       504144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       118984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       161304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.000910                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6993                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2174                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         6993                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        55944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        55944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.000686                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4945                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2158                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         4945                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        39560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        39560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6285                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         6285                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        50280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        50280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000886                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6817                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         6817                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        54536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        54536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63336375                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.042615                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008425                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.094851                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63333328    100.00%    100.00% |        2824      0.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63336375                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63322476                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.031540                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007592                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.560717                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    63122758     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |      199718      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     63322476                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13899                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    51.498309                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    43.655382                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.519271                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       10852     78.08%     78.08% |        2824     20.32%     98.40% |         196      1.41%     99.81% |           1      0.01%     99.81% |           2      0.01%     99.83% |           4      0.03%     99.86% |           5      0.04%     99.89% |           5      0.04%     99.93% |           4      0.03%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13899                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21461395                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.030793                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.004747                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.279242                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21461337    100.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21461395                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21455881                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.015549                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003735                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.394017                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    21422519     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |       33362      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21455881                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5514                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.346935                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.684283                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.395839                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        5456     98.95%     98.95% |          34      0.62%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           4      0.07%     99.64% |          18      0.33%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5514                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377139087                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001504                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000243                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.284146                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377138916    100.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377139087                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377135168                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000840                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000202                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.091675                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   377103470     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |       31698      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    377135168                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3919                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.886706                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.383526                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.669412                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3748     95.64%     95.64% |         149      3.80%     99.44% |           3      0.08%     99.52% |           5      0.13%     99.64% |          11      0.28%     99.92% |           3      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        32487                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.414196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.218941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.835152                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       32446     99.87%     99.87% |          33      0.10%     99.98% |           6      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        32487                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31732                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.482793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.122736                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.143593                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       30200     95.17%     95.17% |           0      0.00%     95.17% |           0      0.00%     95.17% |           0      0.00%     95.17% |           0      0.00%     95.17% |        1532      4.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        31732                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          755                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    41.560265                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.603980                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.675477                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |         714     94.57%     94.57% |          33      4.37%     98.94% |           6      0.79%     99.74% |           1      0.13%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           1      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          755                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.382651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.426045                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.920179                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       10794     91.89%     91.89% |           0      0.00%     91.89% |         907      7.72%     99.61% |           2      0.02%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           4      0.03%     99.66% |          32      0.27%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           8      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        11747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10794                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.277006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.068679                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.641211                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       10495     97.23%     97.23% |           0      0.00%     97.23% |           0      0.00%     97.23% |           0      0.00%     97.23% |           0      0.00%     97.23% |         299      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        10794                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.558237                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.425395                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.355395                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         907     95.17%     95.17% |           2      0.21%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           0      0.00%     95.38% |           4      0.42%     95.80% |          32      3.36%     99.16% |           0      0.00%     99.16% |           8      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11747    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        11747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11747    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461701089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461701089    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    461701089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.890809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.849042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.814261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18453     99.35%     99.35% |          37      0.20%     99.55% |          77      0.41%     99.97% |           5      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        18562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.054412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.013133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.735657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       18461     99.46%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |           0      0.00%     99.46% |         101      0.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        18562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        18562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.007111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.005216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.232468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18548     99.92%     99.92% |           7      0.04%     99.96% |           6      0.03%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        18562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        18562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.030263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       18561     99.99%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        18562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        18562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.816184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.388354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        9773     52.65%     52.65% |        6493     34.98%     87.63% |        1270      6.84%     94.47% |           8      0.04%     94.52% |           7      0.04%     94.55% |           1      0.01%     94.56% |        1010      5.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        18562                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       266709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.996251                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.990115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.193598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         100      0.04%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |           0      0.00%      0.04% |      266609     99.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       266709                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6467                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.804701                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.796527                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.034161                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        5999     92.76%     92.76% |         395      6.11%     98.87% |           9      0.14%     99.01% |          19      0.29%     99.30% |          40      0.62%     99.92% |           5      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         6467                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples         6467                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.002474                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000438                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.198961                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |        6466     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total         6467                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples         6467                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.010515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007004                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.393515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6465     99.97%     99.97% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total         6467                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples         6467                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.002010                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001900                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.075619                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6466     99.98%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total         6467                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples         6467                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    81.789702                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    76.792924                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    48.043538                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |        3429     53.02%     53.02% |        2962     45.80%     98.82% |           2      0.03%     98.86% |           4      0.06%     98.92% |           3      0.05%     98.96% |           6      0.09%     99.06% |          11      0.17%     99.23% |          12      0.19%     99.41% |          19      0.29%     99.71% |          19      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total         6467                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63122755                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    63122755    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     63122755                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10852                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.442960                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.433651                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.888477                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10841     99.90%     99.90% |           1      0.01%     99.91% |           5      0.05%     99.95% |           4      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10852                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       199721                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999850                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999604                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.038757                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           3      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      199718    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       199721                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3047                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.803085                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.890126                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.329385                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1      0.03%      0.03% |        2823     92.65%     92.68% |         196      6.43%     99.11% |           1      0.03%     99.15% |           2      0.07%     99.21% |           4      0.13%     99.34% |           5      0.16%     99.51% |           5      0.16%     99.67% |           4      0.13%     99.80% |           6      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3047                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21422430                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21422430    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     21422430                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3624                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.823400                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.715239                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.936675                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3526     97.30%     97.30% |          28      0.77%     98.07% |          70      1.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3624                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33451                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.973394                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.930045                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.515132                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          89      0.27%      0.27% |           0      0.00%      0.27% |           0      0.00%      0.27% |           0      0.00%      0.27% |           0      0.00%      0.27% |       33362     99.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        33451                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1890                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.287302                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.716215                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.788495                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1832     96.93%     96.93% |          34      1.80%     98.73% |           0      0.00%     98.73% |           4      0.21%     98.94% |          18      0.95%     99.89% |           2      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1890                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377103470                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   377103470    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    377103470                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2474                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.301132                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.297918                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.464971                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2473     99.96%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2474                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31698                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       31698    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        31698                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1445                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.964706                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.788888                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.385294                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1274     88.17%     88.17% |         149     10.31%     98.48% |           3      0.21%     98.69% |           5      0.35%     99.03% |          11      0.76%     99.79% |           3      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30200    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        30200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          714                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.096639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.038079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.086601                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         713     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |           1      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          714                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1532                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1532    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1532                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           41                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.707317                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.883658                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.915885                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          33     80.49%     80.49% |           6     14.63%     95.12% |           1      2.44%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           1      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           41                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10495                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10495    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10495                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          909                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.391639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.305589                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.564279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         899     98.90%     98.90% |           8      0.88%     99.78% |           1      0.11%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          909                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          299                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         299    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          299                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           44                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.636364                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.828885                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.372278                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      9.09%      9.09% |          32     72.73%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           8     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           44                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11739    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        1920     26.54%     26.54% |        1472     20.35%     46.89% |        1903     26.31%     73.20% |        1939     26.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total         7234                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |        5082     28.52%     28.52% |        3475     19.50%     48.02% |        4383     24.60%     72.62% |        4878     27.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        17818                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |          19     27.14%     27.14% |          17     24.29%     51.43% |          12     17.14%     68.57% |          22     31.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total           70                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |        2610     30.12%     30.12% |        1541     17.79%     47.91% |        2033     23.46%     71.38% |        2480     28.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total         8664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |        4383     26.76%     26.76% |        3404     20.79%     47.55% |        4252     25.96%     73.52% |        4337     26.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total        16376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |          10     21.28%     21.28% |          11     23.40%     44.68% |          11     23.40%     68.09% |          15     31.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total           47                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |           7     38.89%     38.89% |           5     27.78%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        1657     25.53%     25.53% |        1575     24.26%     49.79% |        1595     24.57%     74.36% |        1664     25.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         6491                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |         551     25.53%     25.53% |         545     25.25%     50.79% |         528     24.47%     75.25% |         534     24.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         2158                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        2174     25.41%     25.41% |        2158     25.22%     50.63% |        2112     24.68%     75.32% |        2112     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total         8556                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         544     25.42%     25.42% |         540     25.23%     50.65% |         528     24.67%     75.33% |         528     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2140                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           7     70.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |         748     32.88%     32.88% |         282     12.40%     45.27% |         568     24.97%     70.24% |         677     29.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         2275                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        1000     34.33%     34.33% |         408     14.01%     48.34% |         609     20.91%     69.24% |         896     30.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total         2913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |          10     21.28%     21.28% |          11     23.40%     44.68% |          11     23.40%     68.09% |          15     31.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total           47                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |         666     22.41%     22.41% |         699     23.52%     45.93% |         845     28.43%     74.36% |         762     25.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         2972                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |        2933     28.20%     28.20% |        1991     19.14%     47.34% |        2660     25.57%     72.91% |        2818     27.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        10402                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |           9     39.13%     39.13% |           6     26.09%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           7     30.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total           23                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |           6     17.65%     17.65% |           9     26.47%     44.12% |           7     20.59%     64.71% |          12     35.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total           34                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |         497     25.16%     25.16% |         489     24.76%     49.92% |         489     24.76%     74.68% |         500     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total         1975                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |        1140     25.57%     25.57% |        1067     23.93%     49.51% |        1099     24.65%     74.16% |        1152     25.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total         4458                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |           8     80.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           7     70.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |        2593     30.12%     30.12% |        1531     17.78%     47.90% |        2018     23.44%     71.34% |        2468     28.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total         8610                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |        4380     26.76%     26.76% |        3403     20.79%     47.56% |        4245     25.94%     73.50% |        4337     26.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total        16365                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |           8     88.89%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           7     70.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |           3     27.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           8     72.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           7     70.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |           6     17.65%     17.65% |           9     26.47%     44.12% |           7     20.59%     64.71% |          12     35.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total           34                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |        1637     25.45%     25.45% |        1556     24.19%     49.63% |        1588     24.69%     74.32% |        1652     25.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total         6433                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |           6     17.65%     17.65% |           9     26.47%     44.12% |           7     20.59%     64.71% |          12     35.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total           34                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        2112     25.00%     25.00% |        2112     25.00%     50.00% |        2112     25.00%     75.00% |        2112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         8448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |          40     55.56%     55.56% |          32     44.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total           72                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           12                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          16     66.67%     66.67% |           8     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |          10     21.28%     21.28% |          11     23.40%     44.68% |          11     23.40%     68.09% |          15     31.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total           47                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |           7     38.89%     38.89% |           5     27.78%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |          23     50.00%     50.00% |          17     36.96%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           6     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total           46                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      113305      0.18%      0.18% |    62855427     99.24%     99.42% |      105943      0.17%     99.59% |      261700      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     63336375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      524308      0.14%      0.14% |   374809604     99.38%     99.52% |      482337      0.13%     99.65% |     1322838      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377139087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       88387      0.41%      0.41% |    21166449     98.37%     98.78% |       77901      0.36%     99.14% |      184640      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21517377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          66     84.62%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |          12     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |        8376      2.97%      2.97% |      242343     85.81%     88.77% |        7740      2.74%     91.51% |       23971      8.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total       282430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         718      0.31%      0.31% |      224671     95.60%     95.91% |         775      0.33%     96.24% |        8848      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       235012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        5349     16.87%     16.87% |       11465     36.17%     53.04% |        4635     14.62%     67.67% |       10249     32.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        31698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        6067      2.27%      2.27% |      236136     88.54%     90.81% |        5410      2.03%     92.84% |       19097      7.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       266710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |        7614     25.28%     25.28% |        6828     22.67%     47.96% |        8445     28.04%     76.00% |        7227     24.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total        30114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |       14546     27.17%     27.17% |       12012     22.44%     49.61% |       14039     26.22%     75.84% |       12936     24.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total        53533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           3     30.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        9345     17.78%     17.78% |       19221     36.57%     54.36% |        9651     18.36%     72.72% |       14337     27.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        52554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        1660     41.47%     41.47% |         594     14.84%     56.31% |        1213     30.30%     86.61% |         536     13.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total         4003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         941     41.33%     41.33% |         500     21.96%     63.29% |         374     16.43%     79.71% |         462     20.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        1958     22.69%     22.69% |        2180     25.26%     47.95% |        1801     20.87%     68.82% |        2691     31.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total         8630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        2105     14.93%     14.93% |        5640     40.00%     54.93% |        2507     17.78%     72.70% |        3849     27.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        14101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          62     88.57%     88.57% |           0      0.00%     88.57% |           8     11.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        1958     22.60%     22.60% |        2214     25.55%     48.15% |        1801     20.79%     68.94% |        2691     31.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total         8664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |        3053     18.64%     18.64% |        6120     37.37%     56.01% |        2885     17.62%     73.63% |        4318     26.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total        16376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        2328     16.75%     16.75% |        4655     33.49%     50.24% |        2712     19.51%     69.75% |        4204     30.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        13899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         963     24.57%     24.57% |        1173     29.93%     54.50% |        1085     27.69%     82.19% |         698     17.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1143     20.33%     20.33% |        2115     37.63%     57.96% |         617     10.98%     68.94% |        1746     31.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total         5621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |        6249     27.86%     27.86% |        5094     22.71%     50.57% |        6573     29.30%     79.88% |        4514     20.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total        22430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       11551     31.90%     31.90% |        6957     19.21%     51.11% |       10353     28.59%     79.70% |        7349     20.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total        36210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       16895      0.13%      0.13% |    13377396     99.32%     99.45% |       19337      0.14%     99.59% |       54747      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     13468375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      458165      0.20%      0.20% |   232059974     99.12%     99.32% |      433351      0.19%     99.51% |     1158400      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    234109890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         569     38.60%     38.60% |         324     21.98%     60.58% |         265     17.98%     78.56% |         316     21.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |        5891     18.98%     18.98% |        6011     19.37%     38.35% |        5519     17.78%     56.13% |       13615     43.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total        31036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         300      5.77%      5.77% |        1657     31.88%     37.66% |         421      8.10%     45.76% |        2819     54.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         5197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        4564     22.32%     22.32% |        2909     14.23%     36.54% |        4507     22.04%     58.58% |        8469     41.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        20449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         401     16.24%     16.24% |         612     24.79%     41.03% |         936     37.91%     78.94% |         520     21.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         2469                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |         667     16.66%     16.66% |        1376     34.37%     51.04% |        1135     28.35%     79.39% |         825     20.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total         4003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |          82      0.01%      0.01% |     1259419     99.49%     99.49% |        1640      0.13%     99.62% |        4762      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total      1265903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        3009      0.12%      0.12% |     2397085     93.86%     93.98% |        4761      0.19%     94.17% |      148982      5.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      2553837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           6     23.08%     23.08% |          12     46.15%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           5     19.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          46     97.87%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         382      2.46%      2.46% |       12508     80.62%     83.09% |         510      3.29%     86.37% |        2114     13.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        15514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          73      1.49%      1.49% |        4340     88.70%     90.19% |          65      1.33%     91.52% |         415      8.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         4893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         203      1.93%      1.93% |        8467     80.68%     82.61% |          49      0.47%     83.08% |        1776     16.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        10495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |         352     15.69%     15.69% |         153      6.82%     22.51% |         666     29.69%     52.21% |        1072     47.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         2243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         318     10.92%     10.92% |         554     19.02%     29.93% |         619     21.25%     51.18% |        1422     48.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total         2913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       12946      0.05%      0.05% |    23717085     99.83%     99.88% |       10413      0.04%     99.93% |       17184      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     23757628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |       56123      0.04%      0.04% |   140339478     99.93%     99.97% |       38210      0.03%    100.00% |        3949      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    140437760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         360     18.79%     18.79% |         744     38.83%     57.62% |         254     13.26%     70.88% |         558     29.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total         1916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     80.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        1163      0.61%      0.61% |      186058     98.32%     98.94% |         976      0.52%     99.46% |        1031      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       189228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          86      0.05%      0.05% |      183573     99.62%     99.67% |          54      0.03%     99.70% |         553      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       184266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         582     77.19%     77.19% |          89     11.80%     88.99% |          79     10.48%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total          754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |          44     10.45%     10.45% |          99     23.52%     33.97% |         145     34.44%     68.41% |         133     31.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |         763     13.37%     13.37% |        1883     33.00%     46.37% |        1269     22.24%     68.61% |        1791     31.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total         5706                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       80491      0.33%      0.33% |    24303851     98.67%     99.00% |       71240      0.29%     99.29% |      175196      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     24630778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       86083      0.40%      0.40% |    21131199     98.41%     98.81% |       76518      0.36%     99.17% |      178628      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     21472428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |         940      2.01%      2.01% |       37766     80.95%     82.97% |         735      1.58%     84.54% |        7211     15.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total        46652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         259      0.64%      0.64% |       35101     86.34%     86.97% |         235      0.58%     87.55% |        5061     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        40656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         568     22.27%     22.27% |         870     34.10%     56.37% |         125      4.90%     61.27% |         988     38.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         2551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        1247     26.53%     26.53% |        1242     26.43%     52.96% |         662     14.09%     67.04% |        1549     32.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total         4700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     28.57%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |         299      5.86%      5.86% |        1604     31.44%     37.30% |         418      8.19%     45.49% |        2781     54.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total         5102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |        4564     22.32%     22.32% |        2909     14.23%     36.54% |        4507     22.04%     58.58% |        8469     41.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        20449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           1      1.05%      1.05% |          53     55.79%     56.84% |           3      3.16%     60.00% |          38     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           95                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |          72      1.47%      1.47% |        4338     88.77%     90.24% |          64      1.31%     91.55% |         413      8.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         4887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |         203      1.93%      1.93% |        8467     80.68%     82.61% |          49      0.47%     83.08% |        1776     16.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        10495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |          81      0.04%      0.04% |      183378     99.82%     99.86% |          53      0.03%     99.89% |         205      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       183717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |         582     77.19%     77.19% |          89     11.80%     88.99% |          79     10.48%     99.47% |           4      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total          754                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |           5      0.91%      0.91% |         195     35.52%     36.43% |           1      0.18%     36.61% |         348     63.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |         100      1.66%      1.66% |        3662     60.91%     62.57% |          58      0.96%     63.54% |        2192     36.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total         6012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |         159      0.46%      0.46% |       31439     90.75%     91.21% |         177      0.51%     91.72% |        2869      8.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total        34644                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2593     24.53%     24.53% |        3332     31.52%     56.05% |        1265     11.97%     68.02% |        3380     31.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        10570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         371     55.04%     55.04% |          89     13.20%     68.25% |         106     15.73%     83.98% |         108     16.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |         772     15.61%     15.61% |        2026     40.95%     56.56% |         511     10.33%     66.89% |        1638     33.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total         4947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1046     49.22%     49.22% |         354     16.66%     65.88% |         243     11.44%     77.32% |         482     22.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |         570     36.33%     36.33% |         377     24.03%     60.36% |         268     17.08%     77.44% |         354     22.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         1569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          21     21.88%     21.88% |          42     43.75%     65.62% |          12     12.50%     78.12% |          21     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total           96                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |           7     21.88%     21.88% |          14     43.75%     65.62% |           4     12.50%     78.12% |           7     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         188     13.61%     13.61% |         504     36.50%     50.11% |         457     33.09%     83.20% |         232     16.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         1381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |         941     41.95%     41.95% |         466     20.78%     62.73% |         374     16.67%     79.40% |         462     20.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         2243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           8     22.86%     22.86% |          12     34.29%     57.14% |           6     17.14%     74.29% |           9     25.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           3     33.33%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           3     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |         548     13.47%     13.47% |         641     15.76%     29.24% |         430     10.57%     39.81% |        2448     60.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total         4067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        1331     14.55%     14.55% |        3611     39.49%     54.04% |        1995     21.82%     75.86% |        2208     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total         9145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |          58      9.54%      9.54% |         362     59.54%     69.08% |          61     10.03%     79.11% |         127     20.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total          608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         151      6.60%      6.60% |        1247     54.50%     61.10% |         127      5.55%     66.65% |         763     33.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         2288                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |         774     15.62%     15.62% |        2029     40.94%     56.56% |         512     10.33%     66.89% |        1641     33.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total         4956                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |        3548     13.32%     13.32% |       11972     44.95%     58.27% |        6304     23.67%     81.93% |        4812     18.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total        26636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        1085     45.21%     45.21% |         353     14.71%     59.92% |         713     29.71%     89.62% |         249     10.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total         2400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        1958     22.69%     22.69% |        2180     25.26%     47.95% |        1801     20.87%     68.82% |        2691     31.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total         8630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        1333     14.56%     14.56% |        3614     39.48%     54.04% |        1996     21.80%     75.85% |        2211     24.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total         9154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           3      7.69%      7.69% |          27     69.23%     76.92% |           2      5.13%     82.05% |           7     17.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         699     35.25%     35.25% |         429     21.63%     56.88% |         295     14.88%     71.76% |         560     28.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         1983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        1250     23.19%     23.19% |        1129     20.94%     44.13% |         813     15.08%     59.21% |        2199     40.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total         5391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         575     35.87%     35.87% |         241     15.03%     50.90% |         500     31.19%     82.10% |         287     17.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         1603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        1958     22.60%     22.60% |        2214     25.55%     48.15% |        1801     20.79%     68.94% |        2691     31.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total         8664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          46     97.87%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     69.57%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           7     30.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        4864     18.97%     18.97% |        4566     17.80%     36.77% |        4928     19.22%     55.99% |       11288     44.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        25646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         276      1.79%      1.79% |       12807     83.23%     85.02% |         114      0.74%     85.76% |        2191     14.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        15388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         668      0.36%      0.36% |      183662     99.27%     99.63% |         133      0.07%     99.70% |         557      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       185020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         259      0.64%      0.64% |       35101     86.34%     86.97% |         235      0.58%     87.55% |        5061     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        40656                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.496827                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                496826595500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52403885791501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 128994                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   233327                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              222230107                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2085724                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2235.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288383273                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521636332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            533696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        58496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          58496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         8339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               8339                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0          914                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               914                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1074210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1074210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       117739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              117739                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1191949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1191949                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       8339                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       914                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     8339                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     914                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                531712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  56256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 533696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               58496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    31                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    4                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12              44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 496819444500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 8339                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                 914                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   8191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         3551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   165.632216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.519713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   206.573306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2186     61.56%     61.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          739     20.81%     82.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          211      5.94%     88.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          100      2.82%     91.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           96      2.70%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           63      1.77%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           54      1.52%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           55      1.55%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           47      1.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         3551                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           49                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    245.693878                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   685.276897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           40     81.63%     81.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      6.12%     87.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      2.04%     89.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      4.08%     93.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      2.04%     95.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303            1      2.04%     97.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           49                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           49                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.938776                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.933450                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.428571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               2      4.08%      4.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              46     93.88%     97.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      2.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           49                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    73376250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              229151250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  41540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8832.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27582.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     20.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    4980                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    658                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                59.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               72.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  53692796.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   61.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                17569440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 9586500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               45926400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               3810240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         14652074295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        287204618250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          334597376805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.066928                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 476063631000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4172044250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                20215440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                11030250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               48555000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               1885680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         14859863235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        287022347250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          334627688535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.127540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475851395500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4391090750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       529472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            529472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        57408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          57408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         8273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               8273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1          897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               897                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1065708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1065708                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       115549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              115549                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1181257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1181257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       8273                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       897                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     8273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     897                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                527360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  55616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 529472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               57408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    33                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    2                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12              46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              39                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 496818955000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 8273                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                 897                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   8117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         3442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.389890                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.265402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   210.499727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2094     60.84%     60.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          700     20.34%     81.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          227      6.60%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          114      3.31%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           86      2.50%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           67      1.95%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           48      1.39%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           50      1.45%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           56      1.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         3442                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    248.916667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   664.181558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           36     75.00%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6     12.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      6.25%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      2.08%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047            1      2.08%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      2.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.104167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.094886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.592132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               1      2.08%      2.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              43     89.58%     91.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      2.08%     93.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      6.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    74941999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              229441999                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  41200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9094.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27844.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     29.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    5000                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    668                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                60.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               74.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  54178730.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                17244360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 9409125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               46027800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               3758400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         14629919535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        287224052250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          334594203150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.060582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 476069709500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4165674750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                19882800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                10848750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               47923200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               1872720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         14787348120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        287085948750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          334617616020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.107417                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475965527250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4276945250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       523904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            523904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        54336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          54336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         8186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               8186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2          849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               849                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1054501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1054501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       109366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              109366                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1163867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1163867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       8186                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       849                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     8186                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     849                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                522560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  53056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 523904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               54336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7              600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               85                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15              84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 496824885000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 8186                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                 849                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   8057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         3375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   170.609778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.436157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   212.386907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2069     61.30%     61.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          664     19.67%     80.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          219      6.49%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          112      3.32%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           90      2.67%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           62      1.84%     95.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           51      1.51%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           52      1.54%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           56      1.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         3375                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    257.869565                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   699.228578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           34     73.91%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      6.52%     80.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      4.35%     84.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.17%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      2.17%     89.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      4.35%     93.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      2.17%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      2.17%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      2.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.021739                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.021169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.147442                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              45     97.83%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               1      2.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    71456250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              224550000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  40825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     8751.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               27501.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     23.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    4985                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    637                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                61.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               75.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  54988919.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                16813440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 9174000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               45201000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               3680640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         14688475920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        287172687000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          334599823680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           669.071821                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 476028269000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4214217250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                19580400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                10683750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               47899800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy               1691280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         14737133115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        287129997000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          334610777025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           669.093742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 476018616500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4223701000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       529536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            529536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        55360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          55360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         8274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               8274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3          865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1065837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1065837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       111427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              111427                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1177264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             1177264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       8274                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       865                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     8274                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     865                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                528576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  54144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 529536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               55360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12              44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15              84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 496819226000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 8274                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                 865                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   8147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         3498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   166.659806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.198035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.619870                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2199     62.86%     62.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          669     19.13%     81.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          211      6.03%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          103      2.94%     90.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           88      2.52%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           60      1.72%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           64      1.83%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           53      1.52%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           51      1.46%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         3498                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    255.170213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   686.751816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           32     68.09%     68.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6     12.77%     80.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      4.26%     85.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.13%     87.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      2.13%     89.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      2.13%     91.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      2.13%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      2.13%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      2.13%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      2.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean            18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              47    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    76968500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              231824750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  41295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     9319.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               28069.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.11                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     24.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    4958                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    652                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                60.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               75.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  54362537.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   61.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                17153640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 9359625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               45427200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               3667680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         14639809320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        287215377000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          334594586145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           669.061348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 476092023500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4149170750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                20192760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                11017875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               48484800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               1814400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         32663791680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         14746231170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        287122016250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          334613548935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           669.099285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 475965249750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16590340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4275832750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       998360500                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1409358                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2724886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2680977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3495                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      67451                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       200087                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2680977                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3495                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5485211                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2154381                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1463537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             892771                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       669388                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     403661                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    265727                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              991849810.842721                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              6510689.157279                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.006521                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.993479                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           289816                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                22189      0.81%      0.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2023608     74.26%     75.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3068      0.11%     75.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4279      0.16%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2581      0.09%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  403661     14.81%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 265727      9.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2725113                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       994538236                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  266280554                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    480201902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            270550533                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270609971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9890127                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15070941                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   270550533                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270609971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          514590756                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176845124                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446710990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249463015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           107407747                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83267375                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84289442                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63026341                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21263101                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              70629045.176341                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              923909190.823659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.928983                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.071017                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27154900                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                19323      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                245514147     51.13%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3311      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     2266      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150373634     31.31%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63026341     13.12%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21263101      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 480202123                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       993659135                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3050115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5782821                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5718930                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16260                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     109451                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       461680                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5718930                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16260                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11313417                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4580000                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26363                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12860                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3116661                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2013076                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1275603                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     738580                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    537023                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              980796642.059486                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              12862492.940514                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.012945                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.987055                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           642099                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                30043      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4452788     77.00%     77.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4587      0.08%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     7921      0.14%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12149      0.21%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  738580     12.77%     90.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 537023      9.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5783139                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       992427468                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16318939                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     30490259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             30076100                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                330046                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     658080                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2459915                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    30076100                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       330046                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           58617291                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24385673                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              499491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             255399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            15977465                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10185733                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6635404                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3912740                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2722664                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              932572226.759095                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              59855241.240905                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.060312                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.939688                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3393556                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               156071      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 23244108     76.23%     76.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92837      0.30%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   148472      0.49%     77.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 213581      0.70%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3912740     12.83%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2722664      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  30490505                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1131                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1131                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1106                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                68                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               68                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           70                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          902                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          140                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          451                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1181                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          243                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1318                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               188981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1763000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              396997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              411992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              431488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              450984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               49996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1081500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              742500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              804500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1100000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    957993773                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001211                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957992369    100.00%    100.00% |        1404      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    957993773                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      957993773                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.014515                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.002209                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.891802                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   957990985    100.00%    100.00% |        2280      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |         277      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        957993773                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    957877211                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.007214                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001731                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.268495                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   957186183     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |      691028      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    957877211                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       116562                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    61.011916                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    50.385413                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.414197                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      113774     97.61%     97.61% |        2280      1.96%     99.56% |          58      0.05%     99.61% |         119      0.10%     99.72% |         277      0.24%     99.95% |          54      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       116562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          112                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       647964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25781                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       673745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1843197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        17590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1860787                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        22964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        20407                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        43371                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     84051416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       243517                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     84294933                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    375511544                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        19408                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    375530952                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       248066                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        14859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       262925                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1245730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1286206                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4000793                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        31871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4032664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        43592                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        28755                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        72347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      6595104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50434                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      6645538                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     21589246                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        86864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     21676110                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       109797                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27501                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137298                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            12                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.012470                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20407                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        30265                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4       109009                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        73290                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        20407                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       163256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2179080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       872072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       586320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       163256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.012834                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14859                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        34086                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4        94029                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        78883                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        14859                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2454192                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       752232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       631064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       118872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.014901                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37590                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4       122498                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        64956                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        28755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       230040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2706480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       979984                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        55296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         7592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         7592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       519648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       230040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.016854                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27501                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        47475                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4       115902                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        66214                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27501                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       220008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3418200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       927216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        31896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       529712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       220008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.003882                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23679                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8329                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2308                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          478                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          478                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          142                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        24246                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23679                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       189432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       599688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        18464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        24192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       193968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       189432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.003699                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8265                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2286                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          325                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          118                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        21536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       595080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        18288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        23400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       176320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       172288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003756                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8186                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          289                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        23284                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       181880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       589392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        20808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       186272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       181880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.003844                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23572                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8274                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          305                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          111                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        24121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23572                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       188576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       595728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        21960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       192968                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       188576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.007713                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        91522                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4        91236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4       225256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1255                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1726                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1726                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          471                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       283343                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        91522                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       732176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6568992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1802048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        90360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        13808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2266744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       732176                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       274863                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       273796                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       675768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         3765                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        25299                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control       660377                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       274566                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      2198904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     19713312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      5406144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       271080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       202392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control      5283016                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      2196528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015211                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20374                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45600                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        73290                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1466928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       364800                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       586320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009730                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20407                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         9891                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        63409                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        20407                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       163256                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       712152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       507272                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       163256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012424                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14830                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        34383                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        78883                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1067760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       275064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       631064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013245                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14859                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19256                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59646                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          107                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        14859                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1386432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       477168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       118872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019661                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28710                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        66413                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        64956                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2067120                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       531304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         7592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       519648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.010142                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8880                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        56085                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          949                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        28755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       230040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       639360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       448680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        55296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         7592                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       230040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019249                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27316                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        69786                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        66214                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1966752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       558288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       529712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.014459                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27501                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20159                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        46116                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          180                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27501                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       220008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1451448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       368928                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        31896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         4984                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       220008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002713                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23679                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2308                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          478                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          142                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23679                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       189432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        18464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        24192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       189432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005051                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8325                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          478                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        24246                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       599400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       193968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002487                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2286                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          325                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          118                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        21536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        18288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        23400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       172288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004910                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8263                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        22040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       594936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       176320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002584                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          289                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22735                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       181880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        20808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       181880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004927                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8186                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        23284                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       589392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       186272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002678                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23572                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          305                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          111                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23572                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       188576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        21960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       188576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005010                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8274                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        24121                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       595728                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       192968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000114                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015211                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           10                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20374                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        73290                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1466928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       364800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       586320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14830                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        34383                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        78883                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1067760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       275064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       631064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.019661                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28710                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        66413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          949                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        64956                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2067120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       531304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         7592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       519648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.019249                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           61                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27316                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        69786                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        66214                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1966752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       558288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         4984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       529712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.002713                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23679                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2308                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          142                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23679                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       189432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        18464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        24192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       189432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.002487                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2286                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          325                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          443                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          118                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        21536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       172288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        18288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        23400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       172288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.002584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22735                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          389                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22735                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       181880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        20808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       181880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.002678                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23572                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          305                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          111                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23572                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       188576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        21960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       188576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000126                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131300321                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.059278                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009718                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.690562                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131298815    100.00%    100.00% |        1266      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131300321                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    131240031                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.032928                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007927                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.572883                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   130807885     99.67%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |      432146      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    131240031                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        60290                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    58.418560                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.093371                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    47.097814                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       58784     97.50%     97.50% |        1266      2.10%     99.60% |          38      0.06%     99.66% |          68      0.11%     99.78% |         113      0.19%     99.97% |          21      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        60290                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46198851                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.065406                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.007065                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.292416                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46198211    100.00%    100.00% |         465      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46198851                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46166382                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.017461                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004196                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.417498                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    46085771     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |       80611      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46166382                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        32469                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    69.236872                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    58.162808                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.783874                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       31829     98.03%     98.03% |         465      1.43%     99.46% |           6      0.02%     99.48% |          31      0.10%     99.57% |         113      0.35%     99.92% |          25      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        32469                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780239600                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.003616                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000624                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.406627                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780239013    100.00%    100.00% |         501      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780239600                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    780221241                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002217                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000532                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.148886                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   780048250     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |      172991      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    780221241                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18359                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.439294                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    49.169989                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.521644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       17772     96.80%     96.80% |         501      2.73%     99.53% |          12      0.07%     99.60% |          18      0.10%     99.69% |          48      0.26%     99.96% |           8      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        18359                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       130947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.920594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.130290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.683790                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      130797     99.89%     99.89% |         123      0.09%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       130947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       128959                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.282338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.070046                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.656407                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      125318     97.18%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |           0      0.00%     97.18% |        3641      2.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       128959                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1988                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    43.323441                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.469054                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.007022                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1838     92.45%     92.45% |         123      6.19%     98.64% |          21      1.06%     99.70% |           3      0.15%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.05%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           2      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1988                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62027                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.559627                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.305943                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.370507                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       61741     99.54%     99.54% |         258      0.42%     99.95% |          24      0.04%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        62027                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        58571                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.279831                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.069403                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.649259                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |       56932     97.20%     97.20% |           0      0.00%     97.20% |           0      0.00%     97.20% |           0      0.00%     97.20% |           0      0.00%     97.20% |        1639      2.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        58571                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3456                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    42.196759                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.608742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.335782                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        3170     91.72%     91.72% |         258      7.47%     99.19% |          24      0.69%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3456                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62027                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62027    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        62027                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        62027                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62027    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        62027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    957185387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   957185387    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    957185387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        77047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.920295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.866647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.088506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       76091     98.76%     98.76% |         407      0.53%     99.29% |         499      0.65%     99.94% |          47      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        77047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        76935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.102164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.024924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     1.004041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       76137     98.96%     98.96% |          15      0.02%     98.98% |           0      0.00%     98.98% |           0      0.00%     98.98% |           0      0.00%     98.98% |         783      1.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        76935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        76935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.009580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.006929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.278844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       76854     99.89%     99.89% |          41      0.05%     99.95% |          34      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        76935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        76935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.061066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       76925     99.99%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        76935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        76935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.776500                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.358292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       41321     53.71%     53.71% |       27633     35.92%     89.63% |        3880      5.04%     94.67% |          48      0.06%     94.73% |          50      0.06%     94.80% |          15      0.02%     94.82% |        3988      5.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        76935                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       691824                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.988494                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.969693                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.339007                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         796      0.12%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |           0      0.00%      0.12% |      691028     99.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       691824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   113.835607                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.323059                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.809833                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       36727     92.94%     92.94% |        2280      5.77%     98.71% |          58      0.15%     98.86% |         119      0.30%     99.16% |         277      0.70%     99.86% |          54      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        39515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        39515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.010123                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002176                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.354151                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       39481     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |          24      0.06%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          10      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        39515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        39515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.011742                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007619                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.425397                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       39485     99.92%     99.92% |          20      0.05%     99.97% |           3      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           7      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        39515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        39515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.003037                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.002852                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.098534                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       39501     99.96%     99.96% |          14      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        39515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        39515                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    80.810705                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    75.200001                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    51.816798                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       23243     58.82%     58.82% |       15705     39.74%     98.57% |          48      0.12%     98.69% |          31      0.08%     98.77% |          25      0.06%     98.83% |          35      0.09%     98.92% |          57      0.14%     99.06% |          95      0.24%     99.30% |         139      0.35%     99.65% |         137      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        39515                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    130807870                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   130807870    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    130807870                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        42228                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.481576                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.463985                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.258562                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       42117     99.74%     99.74% |           2      0.00%     99.74% |          64      0.15%     99.89% |          42      0.10%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        42228                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       432161                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999653                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999085                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.058914                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          15      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      432146    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       432161                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18062                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.719909                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.287024                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.474310                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       16556     91.66%     91.66% |        1266      7.01%     98.67% |          38      0.21%     98.88% |          68      0.38%     99.26% |         113      0.63%     99.88% |          21      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18062                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46085034                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46085034    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     46085034                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17243                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.014673                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.877387                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.319241                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       16473     95.53%     95.53% |         354      2.05%     97.59% |         416      2.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        17243                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        81348                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.909402                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.763607                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.947516                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         737      0.91%      0.91% |           0      0.00%      0.91% |           0      0.00%      0.91% |           0      0.00%      0.91% |           0      0.00%      0.91% |       80611     99.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        81348                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15226                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.992513                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.793160                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.564254                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       14586     95.80%     95.80% |         465      3.05%     98.85% |           6      0.04%     98.89% |          31      0.20%     99.09% |         113      0.74%     99.84% |          25      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15226                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    780048250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   780048250    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    780048250                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12570                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.337709                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.334062                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.496261                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12546     99.81%     99.81% |          24      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12570                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       172991                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      172991    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       172991                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5789                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.286578                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.353997                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.103405                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        5202     89.86%     89.86% |         501      8.65%     98.51% |          12      0.21%     98.72% |          18      0.31%     99.03% |          48      0.83%     99.86% |           8      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5789                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       125318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      125318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       125318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.942873                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.876156                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.234120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1829     99.51%     99.51% |           4      0.22%     99.73% |           5      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3641                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3641    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3641                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          150                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.760000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.106374                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.516170                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         123     82.00%     82.00% |          21     14.00%     96.00% |           3      2.00%     98.00% |           0      0.00%     98.00% |           0      0.00%     98.00% |           0      0.00%     98.00% |           1      0.67%     98.67% |           0      0.00%     98.67% |           2      1.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          150                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        56932                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       56932    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        56932                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3168                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.949811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.856876                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.696582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3102     97.92%     97.92% |          47      1.48%     99.40% |          14      0.44%     99.84% |           5      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3168                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1639    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          288                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.913194                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.865231                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.230622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           2      0.69%      0.69% |         258     89.58%     90.28% |          24      8.33%     98.61% |           0      0.00%     98.61% |           2      0.69%     99.31% |           0      0.00%     99.31% |           1      0.35%     99.65% |           0      0.00%     99.65% |           1      0.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          288                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        61983                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61983    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        61983                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           44                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          44    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        7737     25.15%     25.15% |        7438     24.18%     49.33% |        7799     25.35%     74.68% |        7790     25.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        30764                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       15972     26.25%     26.25% |       14112     23.20%     49.45% |       14956     24.58%     74.03% |       15797     25.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total        60837                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |         478     27.69%     27.69% |         443     25.67%     53.36% |         389     22.54%     75.90% |         416     24.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total         1726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |        7382     26.75%     26.75% |        6252     22.65%     49.40% |        6660     24.13%     73.53% |        7306     26.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        27600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       16297     25.50%     25.50% |       15284     23.91%     49.41% |       16075     25.15%     74.55% |       16266     25.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total        63922                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |          82     28.37%     28.37% |          78     26.99%     55.36% |          63     21.80%     77.16% |          66     22.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total          289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |           8     25.00%     25.00% |           9     28.12%     53.12% |           8     25.00%     78.12% |           7     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |          60     32.97%     32.97% |          40     21.98%     54.95% |          37     20.33%     75.27% |          45     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total          182                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |         328     26.82%     26.82% |         316     25.84%     52.66% |         281     22.98%     75.63% |         298     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         1223                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        8339     25.21%     25.21% |        8273     25.02%     50.23% |        8186     24.75%     74.98% |        8274     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        33072                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |         914     25.93%     25.93% |         897     25.45%     51.38% |         849     24.09%     75.46% |         865     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         3525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        2308     25.44%     25.44% |        2286     25.19%     50.63% |        2240     24.69%     75.31% |        2240     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total         9074                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         578     25.46%     25.46% |         572     25.20%     50.66% |         560     24.67%     75.33% |         560     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          11     11.11%     11.11% |          68     68.69%     79.80% |          10     10.10%     89.90% |          10     10.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        1613     28.98%     28.98% |        1099     19.75%     48.73% |        1338     24.04%     72.78% |        1515     27.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         5565                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        4014     26.78%     26.78% |        3393     22.64%     49.42% |        3591     23.96%     73.38% |        3989     26.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        14987                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |          90     28.04%     28.04% |          87     27.10%     55.14% |          71     22.12%     77.26% |          73     22.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total          321                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        2710     23.70%     23.70% |        2875     25.14%     48.83% |        2984     26.09%     74.92% |        2868     25.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        11437                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |        7006     26.55%     26.55% |        5838     22.13%     48.68% |        6625     25.11%     73.79% |        6915     26.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        26384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |         388     27.62%     27.62% |         356     25.34%     52.95% |         318     22.63%     75.59% |         343     24.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total         1405                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |           8     20.51%     20.51% |          11     28.21%     48.72% |          11     28.21%     76.92% |           9     23.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |          56     24.67%     24.67% |          67     29.52%     54.19% |          48     21.15%     75.33% |          56     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total          227                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |        3377     24.74%     24.74% |        3440     25.20%     49.94% |        3448     25.26%     75.20% |        3385     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total        13650                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |        4884     25.53%     25.53% |        4745     24.80%     50.33% |        4679     24.46%     74.79% |        4824     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total        19132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          28     41.18%     41.18% |          12     17.65%     58.82% |          17     25.00%     83.82% |          11     16.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           68                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          11     11.11%     11.11% |          68     68.69%     79.80% |          10     10.10%     89.90% |          10     10.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |        7287     26.78%     26.78% |        6111     22.46%     49.24% |        6584     24.20%     73.44% |        7228     26.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        27210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       16286     25.52%     25.52% |       15210     23.83%     49.35% |       16065     25.17%     74.53% |       16256     25.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total        63817                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          28     45.16%     45.16% |           6      9.68%     54.84% |          17     27.42%     82.26% |          11     17.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           62                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          11     11.11%     11.11% |          68     68.69%     79.80% |          10     10.10%     89.90% |          10     10.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          11     10.89%     10.89% |          68     67.33%     78.22% |          11     10.89%     89.11% |          11     10.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          11     11.11%     11.11% |          68     68.69%     79.80% |          10     10.10%     89.90% |          10     10.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           99                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |          56     24.67%     24.67% |          67     29.52%     54.19% |          48     21.15%     75.33% |          56     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total          227                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |        8269     25.19%     25.19% |        8196     24.97%     50.17% |        8138     24.80%     74.96% |        8218     25.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total        32821                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |          56     24.67%     24.67% |          67     29.52%     54.19% |          48     21.15%     75.33% |          56     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total          227                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        2240     25.00%     25.00% |        2240     25.00%     50.00% |        2240     25.00%     75.00% |        2240     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         8960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |          40     55.56%     55.56% |          32     44.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total           72                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |          12     66.67%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          16     66.67%     66.67% |           8     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |          82     28.37%     28.37% |          78     26.99%     55.36% |          63     21.80%     77.16% |          66     22.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total          289                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |           8     25.00%     25.00% |           9     28.12%     53.12% |           8     25.00%     78.12% |           7     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |          60     32.97%     32.97% |          40     21.98%     54.95% |          37     20.33%     75.27% |          45     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total          182                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |         328     26.82%     26.82% |         316     25.84%     52.66% |         281     22.98%     75.63% |         298     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         1223                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |           8     25.00%     25.00% |           9     28.12%     53.12% |           8     25.00%     78.12% |           7     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |         346     27.61%     27.61% |         328     26.18%     53.79% |         281     22.43%     76.22% |         298     23.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total         1253                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      382974      0.56%      0.56% |    63012697     92.71%     93.28% |      716757      1.05%     94.33% |     3851523      5.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     67963951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1860787      0.46%      0.46% |   375530952     93.16%     93.62% |     4032665      1.00%     94.62% |    21676110      5.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403100514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      290771      1.17%      1.17% |    21282237     85.35%     86.51% |      569455      2.28%     88.80% |     2794031     11.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24936494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          23      0.86%      0.86% |         161      6.00%      6.86% |        1341     49.96%     56.82% |        1159     43.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total         2684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       38609      7.76%      7.76% |      259522     52.14%     59.90% |       67595     13.58%     73.48% |      131997     26.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total       497723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        9100      3.21%      3.21% |      230750     81.30%     84.50% |       17311      6.10%     90.60% |       26671      9.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       283832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       13964      9.88%      9.88% |       17491     12.38%     22.26% |       26404     18.69%     40.95% |       83434     59.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       141293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       23064      5.43%      5.43% |      248241     58.39%     63.82% |       43715     10.28%     74.10% |      110105     25.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       425125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       26162     25.89%     25.89% |       28849     28.55%     54.45% |       24212     23.96%     78.41% |       21810     21.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total       101033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |       47128     25.85%     25.85% |       50034     27.44%     53.29% |       40744     22.35%     75.64% |       44404     24.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total       182310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |          10     10.10%     10.10% |          19     19.19%     29.29% |           9      9.09%     38.38% |          61     61.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           99                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       37036     18.91%     18.91% |       33241     16.97%     35.89% |       58174     29.71%     65.59% |       67379     34.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       195830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        8564     42.08%     42.08% |        1142      5.61%     47.69% |        8239     40.48%     88.17% |        2407     11.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        20352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1428     25.78%     25.78% |         776     14.01%     39.79% |        2204     39.79%     79.58% |        1131     20.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         5539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        7316     26.73%     26.73% |        4570     16.70%     43.42% |        9945     36.33%     79.75% |        5542     20.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        27373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       11630     19.94%     19.94% |        9484     16.26%     36.20% |       16561     28.40%     64.60% |       20643     35.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        58318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |          14      0.81%      0.81% |         140      8.11%      8.92% |         949     54.98%     63.90% |         623     36.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total         1726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        7397     26.81%     26.81% |        4606     16.69%     43.50% |       10032     36.36%     79.86% |        5557     20.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        27592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       13010     20.35%     20.35% |       10253     16.04%     36.39% |       18723     29.29%     65.67% |       21944     34.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total        63930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       10012     21.58%     21.58% |        8860     19.10%     40.68% |       14569     31.40%     72.09% |       12950     27.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        46391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3626     25.11%     25.11% |        1917     13.28%     38.39% |        5467     37.86%     76.25% |        3430     23.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        14440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        5791     21.90%     21.90% |        3428     12.97%     34.87% |        7251     27.42%     62.29% |        9970     37.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        26440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       22697     28.41%     28.41% |       22817     28.56%     56.97% |       20035     25.08%     82.04% |       14345     17.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total        79894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |       37517     31.11%     31.11% |       30926     25.65%     56.76% |       29836     24.74%     81.51% |       22300     18.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       120579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       64369      0.47%      0.47% |    13402268     97.16%     97.62% |      134088      0.97%     98.60% |      193591      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     13794316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1715121      0.71%      0.71% |   232350614     95.82%     96.53% |     3822636      1.58%     98.10% |     4597503      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    242485874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         851     25.50%     25.50% |         455     13.64%     39.14% |        1304     39.08%     78.21% |         727     21.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           9      0.94%      0.94% |          21      2.19%      3.13% |         392     40.92%     44.05% |         536     55.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total          958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       19914     16.71%     16.71% |       11341      9.51%     26.22% |       38439     32.25%     58.47% |       49500     41.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       119194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2145     12.99%     12.99% |        2727     16.52%     29.51% |        6360     38.53%     68.04% |        5275     31.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        16507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       12130     14.82%     14.82% |        5336      6.52%     21.34% |       24359     29.76%     51.10% |       40024     48.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        81849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         827     18.67%     18.67% |        1516     34.23%     52.90% |        1153     26.03%     78.93% |         933     21.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         4429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        2368     11.64%     11.64% |        4387     21.56%     33.19% |        5060     24.86%     58.05% |        8537     41.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        20352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        5701      0.44%      0.44% |     1271644     97.10%     97.53% |        4083      0.31%     97.85% |       28213      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total      1309641                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |       41182      1.06%      1.06% |     2805113     72.41%     73.47% |       67111      1.73%     75.21% |      960488     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      3873894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          27     12.98%     12.98% |          24     11.54%     24.52% |          41     19.71%     44.23% |         116     55.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           5      1.56%      1.56% |          89     27.73%     29.28% |         128     39.88%     69.16% |          99     30.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |        2254      7.22%      7.22% |       17207     55.15%     62.37% |        2558      8.20%     70.57% |        9184     29.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        31203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         839     10.42%     10.42% |        5144     63.90%     74.32% |         418      5.19%     79.52% |        1649     20.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         8050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        1055      4.77%      4.77% |       11929     53.96%     58.73% |        1548      7.00%     65.73% |        7577     34.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        22109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1415     26.83%     26.83% |         827     15.68%     42.52% |        1097     20.80%     63.32% |        1934     36.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         5273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        1811     12.08%     12.08% |        8716     58.16%     70.24% |        1206      8.05%     78.29% |        3254     21.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        14987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       50978      0.21%      0.21% |    23741555     98.59%     98.81% |       77138      0.32%     99.13% |      210475      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     24080146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |       84297      0.05%      0.05% |   140354874     89.64%     89.69% |      108073      0.07%     89.76% |    16029854     10.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    156577098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2072     17.93%     17.93% |        1565     13.55%     31.48% |        4983     43.13%     74.61% |        2934     25.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        11554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20      9.62%      9.62% |          93     44.71%     54.33% |          95     45.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total          208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        4873      2.01%      2.01% |      187851     77.53%     79.54% |        5309      2.19%     81.73% |       44257     18.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total       242290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1090      0.57%      0.57% |      184066     96.72%     97.29% |        1918      1.01%     98.30% |        3238      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       190312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         779      2.09%      2.09% |         226      0.61%      2.69% |         497      1.33%      4.02% |       35833     95.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        37335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         256     11.63%     11.63% |         276     12.54%     24.17% |         946     42.98%     67.15% |         723     32.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        3048     24.81%     24.81% |        3122     25.41%     50.22% |        2062     16.78%     67.01% |        4053     32.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        12285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           4     10.53%     10.53% |           5     13.16%     23.68% |           3      7.89%     31.58% |          26     68.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      246205      0.86%      0.86% |    24392305     85.59%     86.45% |      473517      1.66%     88.11% |     3388552     11.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     28500579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      277834      1.12%      1.12% |    21241540     85.51%     86.63% |      550548      2.22%     88.85% |     2770562     11.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     24840484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           9      0.75%      0.75% |          31      2.59%      3.34% |         728     60.82%     64.16% |         429     35.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total         1197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       11568     11.01%     11.01% |       43123     41.06%     52.07% |       21289     20.27%     72.34% |       29056     27.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total       105036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        5026      7.29%      7.29% |       38813     56.28%     63.57% |        8615     12.49%     76.06% |       16509     23.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        68963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         967     10.47%     10.47% |        3413     36.95%     47.42% |         981     10.62%     58.04% |        3875     41.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         9236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        2384     16.90%     16.90% |        2883     20.44%     37.34% |        2579     18.28%     55.63% |        6259     44.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        14105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           6      9.84%      9.84% |          14     22.95%     32.79% |           6      9.84%     42.62% |          35     57.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           61                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        2051     12.91%     12.91% |        2557     16.10%     29.01% |        6241     39.29%     68.30% |        5036     31.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        15885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       12130     14.82%     14.82% |        5336      6.52%     21.34% |       24359     29.76%     51.10% |       40024     48.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        81849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          94     15.11%     15.11% |         170     27.33%     42.44% |         119     19.13%     61.58% |         239     38.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         833     10.46%     10.46% |        5139     64.51%     74.97% |         414      5.20%     80.17% |        1580     19.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         7966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        1055      4.77%      4.77% |       11929     53.96%     58.73% |        1548      7.00%     65.73% |        7577     34.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        22109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           6      7.14%      7.14% |           5      5.95%     13.10% |           4      4.76%     17.86% |          69     82.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           84                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |         663      0.35%      0.35% |      183851     97.85%     98.20% |        1267      0.67%     98.88% |        2111      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       187892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |         779      2.09%      2.09% |         226      0.61%      2.69% |         497      1.33%      4.02% |       35833     95.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        37335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         427     17.64%     17.64% |         215      8.88%     26.53% |         651     26.90%     53.43% |        1127     46.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        2094     10.12%     10.12% |        4453     21.53%     31.65% |        5219     25.23%     56.88% |        8919     43.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total        20685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        2932      6.07%      6.07% |       34360     71.17%     77.24% |        3396      7.03%     84.28% |        7590     15.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total        48278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       11822     20.82%     20.82% |        6532     11.50%     32.33% |       12459     21.94%     54.27% |       25966     45.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        56779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         401     29.64%     29.64% |         114      8.43%     38.06% |         688     50.85%     88.91% |         150     11.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        5390     21.49%     21.49% |        3314     13.21%     34.70% |        6563     26.16%     60.86% |        9820     39.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        25087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1648     33.97%     33.97% |         684     14.10%     48.06% |        1312     27.04%     75.10% |        1208     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |         945     23.87%     23.87% |         625     15.79%     39.66% |        1423     35.94%     75.60% |         966     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         3959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          99     11.30%     11.30% |          87      9.93%     21.23% |         135     15.41%     36.64% |         555     63.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          876                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          33     11.30%     11.30% |          29      9.93%     21.23% |          45     15.41%     36.64% |         185     63.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         355      8.07%      8.07% |         716     16.28%     24.36% |        2541     57.79%     82.15% |         785     17.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         4397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        1346     25.34%     25.34% |         739     13.91%     39.25% |        2111     39.74%     78.99% |        1116     21.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         5312                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          25     17.61%     17.61% |          26     18.31%     35.92% |          37     26.06%     61.97% |          54     38.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          13     24.07%     24.07% |           5      9.26%     33.33% |           1      1.85%     35.19% |          35     64.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        2182     21.51%     21.51% |        1574     15.52%     37.03% |        2617     25.80%     62.83% |        3771     37.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        10144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        6227     18.77%     18.77% |        6165     18.58%     37.35% |        9997     30.13%     67.48% |       10788     32.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        33177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         724     24.17%     24.17% |         469     15.66%     39.83% |        1154     38.53%     78.36% |         648     21.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         2995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        2110     24.79%     24.79% |        1474     17.31%     42.10% |        3184     37.40%     79.50% |        1745     20.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         8513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        5403     21.49%     21.49% |        3319     13.20%     34.69% |        6564     26.11%     60.80% |        9855     39.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        25141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       16283     16.82%     16.82% |       18328     18.94%     35.76% |       32737     33.82%     69.58% |       29439     30.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total        96787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        2982     38.02%     38.02% |         608      7.75%     45.77% |        3406     43.43%     89.20% |         847     10.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total         7843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          82     36.12%     36.12% |          37     16.30%     52.42% |          93     40.97%     93.39% |          15      6.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total          227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        7316     26.73%     26.73% |        4570     16.70%     43.42% |        9945     36.33%     79.75% |        5542     20.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        27373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        6240     18.78%     18.78% |        6170     18.57%     37.34% |        9998     30.09%     67.43% |       10823     32.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        33231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          43     14.19%     14.19% |          39     12.87%     27.06% |         181     59.74%     86.80% |          40     13.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        2597     32.82%     32.82% |         943     11.92%     44.73% |        2973     37.57%     82.30% |        1401     17.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         7914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     20.00%     20.00% |          12     80.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        2537     18.82%     18.82% |        3846     28.53%     47.34% |        3189     23.65%     71.00% |        3910     29.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        13482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        5582     44.62%     44.62% |         534      4.27%     48.89% |        4833     38.64%     87.53% |        1560     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        12509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        7397     26.81%     26.81% |        4606     16.69%     43.50% |       10032     36.36%     79.86% |        5557     20.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        27592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           6     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           5      1.56%      1.56% |          89     27.73%     29.28% |         128     39.88%     69.16% |          99     30.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           9      0.64%      0.64% |          51      3.63%      4.27% |         821     58.43%     62.70% |         524     37.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total         1405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       14275     14.51%     14.51% |        8063      8.20%     22.71% |       30719     31.23%     53.94% |       45299     46.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        98356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1894      6.28%      6.28% |       17073     56.61%     62.89% |        1966      6.52%     69.41% |        9226     30.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        30159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1869      0.82%      0.82% |      184292     80.96%     81.78% |        2415      1.06%     82.84% |       39071     17.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       227647                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        5026      7.29%      7.29% |       38813     56.28%     63.57% |        8615     12.49%     76.06% |       16509     23.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        68963                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
