
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.914252                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1914251629500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54143111781001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 102323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   152508                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              270042363                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1823796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7088.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   725337315                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1081081503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     94960512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          94960512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43520576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       43520576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1483758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1483758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       680009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            680009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     49607121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             49607121                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22735034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            22735034                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     72342155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            72342155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1483758                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    680009                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1483758                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  680009                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              94769600                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 190912                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               43515840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               94960512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            43520576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  2983                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   59                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            95580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            97520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            92572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            91350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            91075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            91819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            92522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            92751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            92964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            91068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           91987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           92431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           91892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           91842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           91372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           92030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            45697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            46329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            43398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            41230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            41624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            41865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            42141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            42489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            42771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            41439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           41686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           41406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           41903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           41641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           41904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           42412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1914260250000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1483758                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              680009                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1479473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 42242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 42329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 42328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 42327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 42328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 42327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 42327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 42326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 42321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 42318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 42322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 42321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 42323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 42321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 42318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 42318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1055072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.067241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.787994                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.402349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       800785     75.90%     75.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       113985     10.80%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57281      5.43%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26061      2.47%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11455      1.09%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10668      1.01%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19022      1.80%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11644      1.10%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4171      0.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1055072                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.081809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.997028                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   154.739465                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        42103     99.49%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           28      0.07%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           18      0.04%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           30      0.07%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           24      0.06%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           16      0.04%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           14      0.03%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           10      0.02%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           11      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            9      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           12      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           11      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        42318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.067276                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.063516                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.360695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           40893     96.63%     96.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               6      0.01%     96.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1416      3.35%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        42318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 21981026229                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            49745557479                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7403875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14844.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33594.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       49.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       22.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    49.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    22.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  847084                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 258553                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               38.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    884688.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   51.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              4038264720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2203418250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5826241200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2234129040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        125273076240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        563214638205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        656739725250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1359529492905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           708.834243                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1087148346001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  63921260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 763188239249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3949601040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2155040250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5753646600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2171849760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        125273076240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        561935317950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        657861936000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1359100467840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           708.610557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1089195337001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  63921260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 761140737999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     94722944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          94722944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43276352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       43276352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1480046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1480046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       676193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            676193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     49483016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             49483016                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     22607452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            22607452                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     72090468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            72090468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1480046                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    676193                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1480046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  676193                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              94566720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 156224                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               43244672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               94722944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            43276352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  2441                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  471                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            95717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            95536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            91661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            91062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            90885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            91738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            92260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            92746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            92991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            91177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           91815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           92856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           91969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           91636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           91729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           91827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            45572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            44374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            42186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            41224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            41368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            41869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            42007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            42407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            42763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            41448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           41667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           41436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           41677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           41620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           41848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           42232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1914242976500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1480046                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              676193                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1476484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 42023                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 42099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 42096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 42091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 42093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 42090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 42092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 42090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 42091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 42095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 42091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 42093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 42091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 42088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 42088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 42086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1049813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.272385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.783530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.152572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       797569     75.97%     75.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       112251     10.69%     86.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57370      5.46%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25456      2.42%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11471      1.09%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10696      1.02%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19036      1.81%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11439      1.09%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4525      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1049813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.199924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.837380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   205.467975                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        41981     99.75%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           15      0.04%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           10      0.02%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            5      0.01%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            9      0.02%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           10      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            7      0.02%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            4      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            6      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            6      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631           13      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            7      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            6      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        42086                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.055173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.052067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.327863                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           40924     97.24%     97.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               7      0.02%     97.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1150      2.73%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               5      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        42086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 21815803731                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            49520897481                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7388025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14764.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               33514.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       49.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       22.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    49.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    22.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  845321                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 258170                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                57.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               38.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    887769.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   51.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              4005938160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2185779750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5798215800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2209725360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        125273076240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        562145371785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        657677678250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1359295785345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           708.712393                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1088699071751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  63921260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 761630889499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3942184680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2150993625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5757063000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2168797680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        125273076240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        560434586895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        659178366750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1358905068870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           708.508680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1091399262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  63921260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 758936813000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     94940928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          94940928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     43270144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       43270144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1483452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1483452                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       676096                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            676096                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     49596890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             49596890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22604209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            22604209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     72201099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            72201099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1483452                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    676096                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1483452                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  676096                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              94802880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                 138048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               43214848                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               94940928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            43270144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  2157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                  842                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            95676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            97271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            92126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            91206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            90970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            91684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            92761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            92871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            93009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            91222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           92010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           92796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           92190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           92025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           91569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           91909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            45454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            42798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            41817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            41282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            41504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            41795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            42444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            42526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            42877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            41647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           41632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           41482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           41934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           41661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           42007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           42372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1914244919500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1483452                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              676096                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1480060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 42022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 42077                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 42079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 42075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 42075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 42072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 42073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 42072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 42071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 42072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 42075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 42074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 42071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 42069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 42068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 42068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1052863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.088143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.706787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.954018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       800062     75.99%     75.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       112959     10.73%     86.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57266      5.44%     92.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25442      2.42%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11296      1.07%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10639      1.01%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19229      1.83%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11601      1.10%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4369      0.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1052863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.301797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.734840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   547.724328                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        42036     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           10      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143           11      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        42068                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.050965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.048100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.314873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           40990     97.44%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              14      0.03%     97.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            1062      2.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        42068                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 21905340738                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            49679621988                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                7406475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    14787.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               33537.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       49.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       22.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    49.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    22.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  846479                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 257186                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                57.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               38.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    886409.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   51.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              4015320120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2190898875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             5821272600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2200737600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        125273076240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        562659898815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        657226347000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1359387551250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           708.760233                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1087959883250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  63921260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 762370251250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              3955671720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2158352625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             5762476200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2174765760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        125273076240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        561382131240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        658347195750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1359053669535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           708.586153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1089981369251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  63921260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 760354719499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     94812288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          94812288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     43369280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       43369280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1481442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1481442                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       677645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            677645                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     49529689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             49529689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     22655997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            22655997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     72185686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            72185686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1481442                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    677645                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1481442                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  677645                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              94669888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                 142400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               43308416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               94812288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            43369280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  2225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                  935                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            96535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            93711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            91864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            91315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            91060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            91774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            92546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            92960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            93276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            91301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           92082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           92613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           92479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           92083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           91666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           91952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            45471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            43137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            41922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            41408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            41627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            41886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            42284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            42629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            42961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            41681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           41868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           41570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           41945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           41791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           42061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           42453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1914251363500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1481442                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              677645                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1478111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 42110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 42174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 42168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 42174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 42166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 42172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 42166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 42169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 42166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 42168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 42165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 42163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 42167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 42165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 42163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 42163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1053516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.969409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.584926                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.226726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       801936     76.12%     76.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       112371     10.67%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        56688      5.38%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25333      2.40%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11166      1.06%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10609      1.01%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19207      1.82%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11585      1.10%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4621      0.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1053516                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.173612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.649933                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   663.784543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        42146     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           11      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        42163                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.049475                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.046689                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.310498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           41116     97.52%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              10      0.02%     97.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            1035      2.45%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        42163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 21926518221                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            49661836971                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7396085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14823.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               33573.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       49.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       22.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    49.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    22.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  844070                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 258325                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                57.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               38.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    886602.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   51.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              4014193680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2190284250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             5799346800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2205558720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        125273076240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        562871779785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        657040486500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1359394725975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           708.763973                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1087640581750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  63921260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 762690054250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              3961848240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2161722750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             5768271600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            2179418400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        125273076240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        561043499940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        658644240750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1359032077920                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           708.574895                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1090469628751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  63921260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 759866459999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3828346159                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1518882                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3316190                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3244702                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      98338                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       218162                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3244702                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6593809                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2688831                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1825557                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             990311                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       782741                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     483182                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    299559                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3817545098.232298                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              10801060.767701                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002821                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997179                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           346357                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                57508      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2450481     73.89%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    6248      0.19%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    19215      0.58%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  483182     14.57%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 299559      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3316193                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3826226879                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3938284                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7895005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7752153                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     206004                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       662341                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7752153                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           15434530                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6311773                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4966456                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2676228                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1789166                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1159829                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    629337                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3804139160.895463                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              22087718.104537                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.005773                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.994227                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           906185                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                59219      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  6017476     76.22%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8225      0.10%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    19665      0.25%     77.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.02%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1159829     14.69%     92.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 629337      7.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7895095                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3832106450                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1394563                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      3005278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2938300                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      82176                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       212295                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2938300                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            5978439                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2437761                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1699451                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             888839                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       716163                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     444018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    272145                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3822960556.447313                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              9145893.552687                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002387                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997613                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           321514                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                57279      1.91%      1.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2205625     73.39%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5862      0.20%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    20341      0.68%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  444018     14.77%     90.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 272145      9.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   3005300                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3830668985                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717142077                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1064391935                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            463901608                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     899491                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10832458                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   463901608                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          971893954                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         343781967                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111647113                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201632519                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129347059                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75440329                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53906730                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              12377357.722290                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3818291627.277709                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996769                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003231                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12023091                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               313976      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431340235     40.52%     40.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   88133      0.01%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2259      0.00%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.29%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75440329      7.09%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53906730      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1064408458                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1980                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1980                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2089                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1964                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     8028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                33496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1129500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1145498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1131000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1235733                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              753000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              894500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              735500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              750000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              187275597                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.627390                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.151254                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   172597461     92.16%     92.16% |       14594      0.01%     92.17% |    14658530      7.83%    100.00% |        1348      0.00%    100.00% |        3644      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                187275597                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1226464867                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000441                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1226464628    100.00%    100.00% |         239      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1226464867                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1226464867                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.145403                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.112753                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        11.957951                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1226184000     99.98%     99.98% |      184498      0.02%     99.99% |       92808      0.01%    100.00% |        2079      0.00%    100.00% |        1353      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1226464867                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1175489921                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1175489921    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1175489921                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     50974946                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.558576                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.072516                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.081797                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    50694079     99.45%     99.45% |      184498      0.36%     99.81% |       92808      0.18%     99.99% |        2079      0.00%    100.00% |        1353      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     50974946                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       690076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses        92271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses       782347                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      1894194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       125121                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      2019315                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      1610158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       180881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      1791039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits      5023015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       131865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses      5154880                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       631314                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses        84782                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       716096                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      1747458                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       106188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      1853646                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits    117498367                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses     48733166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses    166231533                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits   1046395339                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses      1520672                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses   1047916011                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        147395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        69997                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       217392                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        184815                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       127931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       312746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        129511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        61459                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       190970                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits      25613358                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses     24640480                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses     50253838                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     18944059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5955808                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     24899867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            17                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.007563                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        69997                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46890                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83526                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        47362                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        42551                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16405                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7362                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       559976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       375120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6013872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       378896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       340408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       357624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1181160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        58896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.015078                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       127931                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       153172                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       101166                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103663                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45309                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12477                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29076                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      1023448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       388416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11028384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       809328                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       829304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3262248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       898344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       232608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.006195                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        61459                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39319                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69797                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        36889                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        40479                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10431                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6478                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       491672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       314552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5025384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       295112                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       323832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       335880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       751032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        51824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     2.850194                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0     24640480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11149                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24640816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24491626                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24486231                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14575142                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          238                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9903889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0    197123840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        89192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1774138752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    195933008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    195889848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1049410224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        17136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79231112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     3.481227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     30828565                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        96124                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     33531732                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     33758818                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24672924                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14630083                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39551                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9946805                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    246628520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       768992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2414284704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    270070544                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    197383392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1053365976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2847672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79574440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.151733                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      1483758                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2163767                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2278739                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     11870064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155791224                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18229912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.151243                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      1480046                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2156239                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2275161                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     11840368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155249208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18201288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.151504                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      1483452                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2159548                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2281990                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     11867616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155487456                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18255920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.151428                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0      1481442                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2159087                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2276449                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0     11851536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    155454264                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18211592                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.464433                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0     30828565                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       145910                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1     33558842                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1     33774100                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24672924                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14630083                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39551                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9946805                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0    246628520                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1167280                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2416236624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    270192800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    197383392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1053365976                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2847672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79574440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        92485695                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       387944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data    100676526                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    175341072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     44008902                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     29840415                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        739885560                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3103552                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   7248709872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1402728576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   3168640944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    238723320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008821                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46890                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66996                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25567                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       375120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4823712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       204536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006306                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        69997                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16530                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21795                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        42551                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4967                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16405                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7362                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       559976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1190160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       174360                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       340408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       357624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1181160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        58896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016569                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       126871                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        78292                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       388416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9134712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       626336                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.013587                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       127931                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        26301                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22874                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       103663                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45309                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12477                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29076                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1023448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1893672                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       182992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       829304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3262248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       898344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       232608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007845                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39319                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60988                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12462                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       314552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4391136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        99696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004545                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        61459                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8809                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        24427                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        40479                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         4665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10431                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6478                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       491672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       634248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       195416                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       323832                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       335880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       751032                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        51824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     3.215971                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11149                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24639388                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24481473                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        89192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1774035936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    195851784                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     2.484418                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     24640480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1428                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10153                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24486231                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14575142                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          238                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9903889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    197123840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       102816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        81224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    195889848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1049410224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        17136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79231112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     3.279523                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     24899867                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5954656                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5975108                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24672924                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14630083                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39551                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9946805                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    199198936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    428735232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     47800864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    197383392                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1053365976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2847672                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79574440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     3.682930                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5928698                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        96124                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27577076                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     27783710                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     47429584                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       768992                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1985549472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    222269680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.109745                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1483758                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       680009                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       799365                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11870064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48960648                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6394920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.193721                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1483758                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1479374                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    106830576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11834992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.109250                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1480046                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       676193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       799484                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11840368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48685896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6395872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.193236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1480046                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1475677                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    106563312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11805416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.109328                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1483452                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       676096                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       802947                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11867616                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48678912                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6423576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.193680                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1483452                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1479043                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    106808544                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11832344                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.109438                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1481442                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       677645                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       799402                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11851536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48790440                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6395216                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.193418                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1481442                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1477047                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    106663824                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11816376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.008821                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        46890                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        66996                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        25567                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       375120                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4823712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       204536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.016569                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       126871                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        78292                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       388416                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9134712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       626336                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.007845                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        39319                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        60988                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12462                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       314552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4391136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        99696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     3.215971                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        11149                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24639388                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24481473                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        89192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1774035936                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    195851784                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     3.279523                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     24899867                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5954656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      5975108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24672924                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14630083                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        39551                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9946805                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0    199198936                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    428735232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     47800864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    197383392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1053365976                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2847672                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79574440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.109745                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0      1483758                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       680009                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       799365                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0     11870064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48960648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6394920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.109250                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      1480046                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       676193                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       799484                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     11840368                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48685896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6395872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.109328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0      1483452                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       676096                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       802947                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0     11867616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48678912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6423576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.109438                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0      1481442                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       677645                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       799402                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0     11851536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     48790440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6395216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      74149679                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.580058                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.186605                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    59511541     80.26%     80.26% |        5432      0.01%     80.27% |    14627811     19.73%     99.99% |        1309      0.00%    100.00% |        3566      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        74149679                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     112436298                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002970                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.144117                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   112377279     99.95%     99.95% |       19021      0.02%     99.96% |        3512      0.00%     99.97% |        5650      0.01%     99.97% |       30508      0.03%    100.00% |         211      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       112436298                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        689620                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000020                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.006372                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      689613    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          689620                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     88586446                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       9.348508                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.236344                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     29.911723                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88460835     99.86%     99.86% |       77653      0.09%     99.95% |       46270      0.05%    100.00% |        1091      0.00%    100.00% |         531      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      88586446                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     61172531                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    61172531    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     61172531                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     27413915                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    27.977709                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.474529                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.873645                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    27288304     99.54%     99.54% |       77653      0.28%     99.83% |       46270      0.17%     99.99% |        1091      0.00%    100.00% |         531      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     27413915                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     54847323                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      11.827162                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.094626                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     38.970929                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    54693836     99.72%     99.72% |      105514      0.19%     99.91% |       46112      0.08%    100.00% |         977      0.00%    100.00% |         821      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      54847323                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41883341                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41883341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     41883341                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12963982                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.806981                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.830763                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.448226                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    12810495     98.82%     98.82% |      105514      0.81%     99.63% |       46112      0.36%     99.99% |         977      0.01%     99.99% |         821      0.01%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     12963982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056943852                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.021963                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003864                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.042087                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1056924687    100.00%    100.00% |       17825      0.00%    100.00% |         532      0.00%    100.00% |         470      0.00%    100.00% |         234      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1056943852                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1055060006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1055060006    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1055060006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1883846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.322596                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.704041                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.393949                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1864681     98.98%     98.98% |       17825      0.95%     99.93% |         532      0.03%     99.96% |         470      0.02%     99.98% |         234      0.01%     99.99% |          97      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1883846                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25603024                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.855214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.795953                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.654452                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25599224     99.99%     99.99% |        3414      0.01%    100.00% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25603024                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     16939876                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16939876    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     16939876                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8663148                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.482892                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.643416                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.643440                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     8659348     99.96%     99.96% |        3414      0.04%    100.00% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8663148                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       242111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.802248                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.595367                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.103045                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      241592     99.79%     99.79% |         476      0.20%     99.98% |          20      0.01%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       242111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       192056                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      192056    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       192056                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        50055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.554190                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     9.576707                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.226258                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       49536     98.96%     98.96% |         476      0.95%     99.91% |          20      0.04%     99.95% |          15      0.03%     99.98% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        50055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       242111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      242111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       242111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       242111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      242111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       242111                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1483758     25.03%     25.03% |     1480046     24.96%     49.99% |     1483452     25.02%     75.01% |     1481442     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      5928698                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      680009     25.09%     25.09% |      676193     24.95%     50.05% |      676096     24.95%     74.99% |      677645     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2709943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1483758     25.03%     25.03% |     1480046     24.96%     49.99% |     1483452     25.02%     75.01% |     1481442     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5928698                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      680009     25.09%     25.09% |      676193     24.95%     50.05% |      676096     24.95%     74.99% |      677645     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2709943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      799365     24.97%     24.97% |      799484     24.97%     49.95% |      802947     25.08%     75.03% |      799402     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3201198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1483758     25.03%     25.03% |     1480046     24.96%     49.99% |     1483452     25.02%     75.01% |     1481442     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      5928698                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      680009     25.09%     25.09% |      676193     24.95%     50.05% |      676096     24.95%     74.99% |      677645     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2709943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      799365     24.97%     24.97% |      799484     24.97%     49.95% |      802947     25.08%     75.03% |      799402     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3201198                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1483758     25.03%     25.03% |     1480046     24.96%     49.99% |     1483452     25.02%     75.01% |     1481442     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      5928698                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      680009     25.09%     25.09% |      676193     24.95%     50.05% |      676096     24.95%     74.99% |      677645     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2709943                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      442988      0.50%      0.50% |     1058298      1.19%      1.69% |      412591      0.47%      2.16% |    86672569     97.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total     88586446                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2019315      0.19%      0.19% |     5154880      0.49%      0.68% |     1853646      0.18%      0.85% |  1047916011     99.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1056943852                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      339359      0.42%      0.42% |      732741      0.91%      1.32% |      303505      0.38%      1.70% |    79558964     98.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     80934569                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       45666      8.40%      8.40% |       49576      9.12%     17.52% |       45205      8.31%     25.83% |      403263     74.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       543710                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      196626      0.39%      0.39% |      289301      0.57%      0.96% |      172410      0.34%      1.30% |    49955655     98.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     50613992                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      122270     10.68%     10.68% |      123160     10.76%     21.44% |      125370     10.95%     32.39% |      774028     67.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1144828                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       95122      0.19%      0.19% |      189586      0.38%      0.57% |       65600      0.13%      0.70% |    49479810     99.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     49830118                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       64718      0.24%      0.24% |      135992      0.50%      0.73% |       61326      0.22%      0.96% |    27151879     99.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     27413915                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      125121      6.64%      6.64% |      131865      7.00%     13.64% |      106188      5.64%     19.28% |     1520672     80.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      1883846                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       25163      0.12%      0.12% |       43897      0.20%      0.32% |       23036      0.11%      0.42% |    21580220     99.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     21672316                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       27278     14.54%     14.54% |       27099     14.44%     28.98% |       27087     14.44%     43.42% |      106162     56.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       187626                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       51564     17.35%     17.35% |       69456     23.37%     40.72% |       59722     20.09%     60.81% |      116459     39.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       297201                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1573933      6.48%      6.48% |     2051208      8.44%     14.92% |     1645559      6.77%     21.69% |    19030107     78.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24300807                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2390     49.09%     49.09% |         992     20.37%     69.46% |         420      8.63%     78.09% |        1067     21.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         4869                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        7435      9.59%      9.59% |        8194     10.57%     20.16% |        8735     11.26%     31.42% |       53179     68.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        77543                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      112457     10.58%     10.58% |      113965     10.73%     21.31% |      116205     10.94%     32.25% |      719808     67.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1062435                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       80505      0.15%      0.15% |      244208      0.45%      0.60% |       72089      0.13%      0.73% |    53652388     99.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     54049190                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      320261      0.03%      0.03% |     2971807      0.29%      0.32% |      101899      0.01%      0.33% |  1027365232     99.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1030759199                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       11785      0.14%      0.14% |       48112      0.57%      0.71% |       11450      0.13%      0.84% |     8412940     99.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      8484287                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4785      1.87%      1.87% |        8663      3.39%      5.27% |        4021      1.58%      6.84% |      237771     93.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       255240                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       50994      0.26%      0.26% |       87966      0.45%      0.72% |       26666      0.14%      0.85% |    19247760     99.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     19413386                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      246201      3.61%      3.61% |      608642      8.92%     12.52% |      219454      3.21%     15.74% |     5751843     84.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      6826140                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      300021      0.59%      0.59% |      639740      1.26%      1.85% |      268599      0.53%      2.38% |    49564737     97.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     50773097                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6168     26.47%     26.47% |        5620     24.12%     50.59% |        5362     23.01%     73.60% |        6151     26.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        23301                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       33175      0.11%      0.11% |       87370      0.29%      0.40% |       29539      0.10%      0.50% |    29988087     99.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     30138171                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      100823     10.44%     10.44% |      100109     10.37%     20.81% |       99854     10.34%     31.15% |      664922     68.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total       965708                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       24298      2.65%      2.65% |       31756      3.46%      6.11% |        6334      0.69%      6.80% |      855750     93.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total       918138                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       21447     11.97%     11.97% |       23051     12.87%     24.84% |       25516     14.25%     39.09% |      109106     60.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       179120                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       43271      0.16%      0.16% |      112941      0.41%      0.57% |       35810      0.13%      0.71% |    27042773     99.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     27234795                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       25163      0.12%      0.12% |       43897      0.20%      0.32% |       23036      0.11%      0.42% |    21580220     99.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     21672316                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        2390     49.09%     49.09% |         992     20.37%     69.46% |         420      8.63%     78.09% |        1067     21.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         4869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      189839      0.65%      0.65% |      267857      0.91%      1.56% |      167514      0.57%      2.13% |    28672551     97.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     29297761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       27553      0.13%      0.13% |       44889      0.21%      0.33% |       23456      0.11%      0.44% |    21581287     99.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21677185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |       84169      0.17%      0.17% |      175336      0.35%      0.52% |       56205      0.11%      0.64% |    49235847     99.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     49551557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        6168     26.47%     26.47% |        5620     24.12%     50.59% |        5362     23.01%     73.60% |        6151     26.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        23301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       38200     32.15%     32.15% |       35351     29.76%     61.91% |       34858     29.34%     91.25% |       10391      8.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       118800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       39362      4.27%      4.27% |       41174      4.47%      8.74% |       34330      3.73%     12.47% |      806188     87.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       921054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       51970     31.24%     31.24% |       57978     34.85%     66.09% |       56080     33.71%     99.80% |         338      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       166366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       30751      0.12%      0.12% |       93075      0.38%      0.50% |       27646      0.11%      0.61% |    24638745     99.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     24790217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         850     73.78%     73.78% |         101      8.77%     82.55% |         113      9.81%     92.36% |          88      7.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        7840     30.20%     30.20% |       13100     50.47%     80.67% |        4348     16.75%     97.42% |         670      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        25958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1216     64.00%     64.00% |         493     25.95%     89.95% |           2      0.11%     90.05% |         189      9.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       24849      0.17%      0.17% |       78430      0.54%      0.72% |       17900      0.12%      0.84% |    14286274     99.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     14407453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        4072     15.69%     15.69% |        3117     12.01%     27.69% |       12911     49.74%     77.43% |        5858     22.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        25958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       36859      0.35%      0.35% |       44831      0.43%      0.78% |       30175      0.29%      1.07% |    10347067     98.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total     10458932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       39498      7.59%      7.59% |       43956      8.45%     16.04% |       39843      7.66%     23.69% |      397112     76.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       520409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        9021     67.41%     67.41% |        2354     17.59%     85.00% |         846      6.32%     91.32% |        1161      8.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        13382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4217     56.05%     56.05% |        1553     20.64%     76.69% |         473      6.29%     82.97% |        1281     17.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         7524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       12329      0.05%      0.05% |       74385      0.30%      0.35% |       11143      0.05%      0.40% |    24479031     99.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     24576888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       56367      0.38%      0.38% |      105815      0.72%      1.11% |       51791      0.35%      1.46% |    14446381     98.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     14660354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       10629      0.10%      0.10% |       21056      0.21%      0.31% |        9197      0.09%      0.40% |    10193007     99.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     10233889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        2628     16.55%     16.55% |        1579      9.94%     26.50% |        1726     10.87%     37.37% |        9945     62.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        15878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       85321      9.75%      9.75% |       86732      9.91%     19.67% |       88990     10.17%     29.84% |      613752     70.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       874795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2403     47.94%     47.94% |        1055     21.05%     68.99% |         465      9.28%     78.27% |        1089     21.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         5012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       18219      8.60%      8.60% |       18113      8.55%     17.15% |       16250      7.67%     24.82% |      159271     75.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       211853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |       16494     30.94%     30.94% |       17180     32.22%     63.16% |       19572     36.71%     99.87% |          70      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        53316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        5431     31.70%     31.70% |        9043     52.78%     84.49% |        2489     14.53%     99.01% |         169      0.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        17132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         598     97.71%     97.71% |           5      0.82%     98.53% |           6      0.98%     99.51% |           3      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |       17992     29.96%     29.96% |       20549     34.22%     64.18% |       21304     35.48%     99.66% |         204      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        60049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       18422      8.64%      8.64% |       18690      8.76%     17.40% |       16503      7.74%     25.13% |      159714     74.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       213329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       22310      0.16%      0.16% |       72091      0.51%      0.66% |       14666      0.10%      0.77% |    14099582     99.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total     14208649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |          31      0.02%      0.02% |         944      0.50%      0.52% |         506      0.27%      0.79% |      186634     99.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       188115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2506     23.46%     23.46% |        5416     50.71%     74.17% |        2723     25.49%     99.66% |          36      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |        1175     35.37%     35.37% |         746     22.46%     57.83% |        1397     42.05%     99.88% |           4      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         3322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |          29      0.02%      0.02% |         912      0.49%      0.50% |         497      0.26%      0.77% |      186442     99.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       187880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |        1226     19.07%     19.07% |        4303     66.93%     86.00% |         878     13.66%     99.66% |          22      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         6429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       61859      0.18%      0.18% |      103245      0.29%      0.47% |       41539      0.12%      0.58% |    35136265     99.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     35342908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1431      2.36%      2.36% |        1530      2.53%      4.89% |         409      0.68%      5.56% |       57189     94.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        60559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6985     36.41%     36.41% |        6393     33.32%     69.73% |        5745     29.94%     99.67% |          63      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        19186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       42720      0.31%      0.31% |       66267      0.48%      0.79% |       24244      0.18%      0.97% |    13612249     99.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     13745480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       13923      0.12%      0.12% |       22773      0.20%      0.32% |       13788      0.12%      0.44% |    11387188     99.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     11437672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |       16405     41.48%     41.48% |       12477     31.55%     73.02% |       10431     26.37%     99.40% |         238      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        39551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       12300      0.05%      0.05% |       73473      0.30%      0.35% |       10646      0.04%      0.40% |    24292589     99.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     24389008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         846     73.82%     73.82% |          99      8.64%     82.46% |         113      9.86%     92.32% |          88      7.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        6614     33.87%     33.87% |        8797     45.05%     78.91% |        3470     17.77%     96.68% |         648      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        19529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       24849      0.17%      0.17% |       78430      0.54%      0.72% |       17900      0.12%      0.84% |    14286274     99.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     14407453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        4072     15.69%     15.69% |        3117     12.01%     27.69% |       12911     49.74%     77.43% |        5858     22.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        25958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       27446     12.09%     12.09% |       24268     10.69%     22.79% |       20980      9.24%     32.03% |      154249     67.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       226943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1216     64.00%     64.00% |         493     25.95%     89.95% |           2      0.11%     90.05% |         189      9.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        9413      0.09%      0.09% |       20563      0.20%      0.29% |        9195      0.09%      0.38% |    10192818     99.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total     10231989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        9021     67.41%     67.41% |        2354     17.59%     85.00% |         846      6.32%     91.32% |        1161      8.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        13382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        4217     56.05%     56.05% |        1553     20.64%     76.69% |         473      6.29%     82.97% |        1281     17.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         7524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       12329      0.05%      0.05% |       74385      0.30%      0.35% |       11143      0.05%      0.40% |    24479031     99.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     24576888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       18219      8.60%      8.60% |       18113      8.55%     17.15% |       16250      7.67%     24.82% |      159271     75.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       211853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |       16494     30.94%     30.94% |       17180     32.22%     63.16% |       19572     36.71%     99.87% |          70      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        53316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       34713     13.09%     13.09% |       35293     13.31%     26.40% |       35822     13.51%     39.91% |      159341     60.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       265169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         103      8.89%      8.89% |         397     34.25%     43.14% |         457     39.43%     82.57% |         202     17.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |          31      0.02%      0.02% |         944      0.50%      0.52% |         506      0.27%      0.79% |      186634     99.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       188115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2506     23.46%     23.46% |        5416     50.71%     74.17% |        2723     25.49%     99.66% |          36      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        2434      1.23%      1.23% |        5963      3.02%      4.25% |        2772      1.40%      5.65% |      186468     94.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       197637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        6065     27.39%     27.39% |        5223     23.59%     50.98% |        4905     22.15%     73.13% |        5949     26.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        22142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1431      2.36%      2.36% |        1530      2.53%      4.89% |         409      0.68%      5.56% |       57189     94.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        60559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        6985     36.41%     36.41% |        6393     33.32%     69.73% |        5745     29.94%     99.67% |          63      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        19186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        2351      4.08%      4.08% |        2700      4.69%      8.77% |        1249      2.17%     10.94% |       51303     89.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        57603                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       14660355      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX       10233891      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         5624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       24576888      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2685573      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3225568      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       5928698      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        5911141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          29115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        36394      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              42028      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          21939      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          25958      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     24646966      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3234636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2694062      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       226943      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1900      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         5624      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        18263      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     11172817      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7536775      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2684032      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3165619      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        25958      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         1152      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     24576888      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1187      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        41686      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      5911141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          810      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        24370      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        14214      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         3102      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          41581      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        18263      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            447      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          354      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      3234636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      2694062      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         7524      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     24639442      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         3932      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        21953      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           70      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        25885      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.947046                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1947046138500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54175906290001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 102491                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   153399                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              269151076                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2079796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  7234.03                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   741425123                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1109691439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     95759872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          95759872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     44091520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       44091520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1496248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1496248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       688930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            688930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     49182128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             49182128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     22645339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            22645339                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     71827467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            71827467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1496248                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    688930                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1496248                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  688930                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              95567168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 192704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               44087104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               95759872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            44091520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  3011                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   59                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            96128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            98403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            93279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            91902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            92161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            92770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            93262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            93965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            93754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            91810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           92713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           93044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           92787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           92500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           92049                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           92710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            46181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            47014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            44005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            41600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            42255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            42422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            42712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            43189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            43370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            42020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           42231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           41825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           42616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           42176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           42305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           42940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1947054617000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1496248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              688930                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1491788                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1442                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 42791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 42883                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 42882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 42880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 42881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 42880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 42881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 42880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 42875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 42872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 42876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 42875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 42878                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 42877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 42872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 42872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1066824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.906511                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.807275                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.859713                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       808560     75.79%     75.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       116750     10.94%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57947      5.43%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        26344      2.47%     94.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11602      1.09%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10733      1.01%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19057      1.79%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11656      1.09%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4175      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1066824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.919318                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.955952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   153.744048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        42657     99.50%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           28      0.07%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           18      0.04%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           30      0.07%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           24      0.06%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           16      0.04%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           14      0.03%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           10      0.02%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           11      0.03%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            9      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            5      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            5      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327           12      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            6      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            5      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095           11      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        42872                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.067853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.064062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.362181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           41416     96.60%     96.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               6      0.01%     96.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1447      3.38%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        42872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 22191157222                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            50189350972                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7466185000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14861.11                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33611.11                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       49.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       22.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    49.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    22.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  853223                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 262050                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                57.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               38.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    891027.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   51.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              4083654960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2228184750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5878360800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2263969440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        127414622400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        569651499720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        670766103000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1382286395070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           708.585986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1110443036751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  65016120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 771586090749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3993055920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2178750750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5798730600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2199849840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        127414622400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        568061256150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        672161053500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1381807319160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           708.340402                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1112952949501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  65016120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 769083142749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     95508736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          95508736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43839680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       43839680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1492324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1492324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       684995                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            684995                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     49053145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             49053145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     22515994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            22515994                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     71569139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            71569139                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1492324                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    684995                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1492324                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  684995                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              95350528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 158208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               43808256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               95508736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            43839680                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  2472                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                  471                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            96279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            96404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            92370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            91601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            91944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            92650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            92996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            93936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            93778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            91854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           92503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           93475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           92887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           92303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           92384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           92488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            46066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            45029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            42763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            41596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            41988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            42404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            42592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            43097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            43369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            42008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           42203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           41862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           42387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           42140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           42255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           42745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1947044957000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1492324                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              684995                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1488582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1270                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 42562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 42647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 42645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 42640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 42640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 42637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 42639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 42638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 42638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 42643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 42638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 42639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 42638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 42634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 42634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 42633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1061320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   131.118592                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.805965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.616736                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       805170     75.86%     75.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       114937     10.83%     86.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        58072      5.47%     92.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25731      2.42%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11594      1.09%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10765      1.01%     96.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19070      1.80%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11454      1.08%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4527      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1061320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.035747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.796640                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   204.151559                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        42528     99.75%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           15      0.04%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           10      0.02%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            5      0.01%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            9      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           10      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            7      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            4      0.01%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            6      0.01%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            6      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631           13      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            7      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            6      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        42633                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.055731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.052592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.329678                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           41445     97.21%     97.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               7      0.02%     97.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1174      2.75%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        42633                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 22023315724                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            49958040724                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7449260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14782.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               33532.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       48.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       22.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    49.05                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    22.52                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  851331                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 261705                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                57.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               38.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    894239.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   51.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              4050300240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2209985250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5849493000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2239066800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        127414622400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        568475897805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        671797332750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1382036698245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           708.457986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1112155483751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  65016120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 769873353249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3984815520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2174254500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5801304600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2196519120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        127414622400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        566470543185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        673556415750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1381598475075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           708.233345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1115281431500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  65016120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 766747696000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     95723712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          95723712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     43828928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       43828928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1495683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            1495683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       684827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            684827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     49163556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             49163556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22510472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            22510472                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     71674028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            71674028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    1495683                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    684827                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  1495683                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  684827                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              95583936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                 139776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               43774592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               95723712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            43828928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                  2184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                  842                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            96249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            98086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            92823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            91741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            92033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            92576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            93470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            94048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            93812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            91941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           92717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           93401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           93122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           92709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           92209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           92562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            45943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            43432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            42396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            41648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            42125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            42317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            42985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            43232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            43506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            42221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           42162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           41894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           42647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           42178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           42428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           42864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 1947039657500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              1495683                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              684827                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1492095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1086                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                 42551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                 42620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                 42622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                 42617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                 42618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                 42617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                 42617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                 42615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                 42614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                 42615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                 42617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                 42617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                 42615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                 42611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                 42611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                 42611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1064217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.949293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.733756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.441945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       807541     75.88%     75.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       115600     10.86%     86.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57972      5.45%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25711      2.42%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11435      1.07%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10706      1.01%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19261      1.81%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11618      1.09%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4373      0.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1064217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.138790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.697895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   544.225380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        42579     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095           10      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143           11      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6144-8191            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10240-12287            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40960-43007            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::55296-57343            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::63488-65535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        42611                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.051677                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.048769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.317236                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           41505     97.40%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              14      0.03%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            1088      2.55%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        42611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 22109626231                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            50112732481                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                7467495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    14803.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               33553.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       49.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       22.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    49.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    22.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  852513                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 260745                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                57.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               38.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    892928.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   51.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              4058419680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              2214415500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             5871668400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            2229554160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        127414622400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        568919951460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        671407812000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1382116443600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           708.498865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1111514026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  65016120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 770509309250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              3998317680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2181621750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             5807256000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            2202506640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        127414622400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        567456183765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        672691818750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1381752326985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           708.312212                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1113807999502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  65016120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 768221127998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     95586944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          95586944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     43922304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       43922304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1493546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            1493546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       686286                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            686286                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     49093312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             49093312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     22558430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            22558430                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     71651742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            71651742                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    1493546                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    686286                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  1493546                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  686286                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              95443200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                 143744                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               43860736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               95586944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            43922304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                  2246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                  935                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            97089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            94530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            92547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            91833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            92130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            92685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            93267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            94160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            94051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            92009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           92811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           93164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           93388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           92736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           92324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           92576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            45943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            43772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            42484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            41740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            42236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            42436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            42843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            43327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            43554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            42262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           42418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           41970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           42652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           42291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           42469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           42927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 1947040990000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              1493546                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              686286                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1490034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                 42638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                 42712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                 42705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                 42712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                 42705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                 42710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                 42704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                 42707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                 42704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                 42707                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                 42705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                 42704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                 42706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                 42703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                 42700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                 42700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1064667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.842729                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.614607                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.735421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       809288     76.01%     76.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       114958     10.80%     86.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        57342      5.39%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        25630      2.41%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11287      1.06%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10690      1.00%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19247      1.81%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11600      1.09%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4625      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1064667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        42700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.013934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.614265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   659.599087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095        42683     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191           11      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12288-16383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24576-28671            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40960-45055            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::45056-49151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::110592-114687            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        42700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        42700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.049742                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.046942                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.311318                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           41634     97.50%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              10      0.02%     97.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            1054      2.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        42700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 22130018217                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            50091893217                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7456500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14839.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               33589.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       49.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       22.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    49.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    22.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  850094                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 261862                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                57.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               38.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    893206.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   51.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              4057111800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              2213701875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             5849859600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            2234180880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        127414622400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        569155972500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        671200776000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1382126225055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           708.503880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1111161335750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  65016120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 770864066750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              4003231680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2184303000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             5811998400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            2206718640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        127414622400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        566999574435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        673092353250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1381712801805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           708.291951                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1114469785251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  65016120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 767559886999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3892335707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2246181                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4692929                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4597481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7820                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     132948                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       317415                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4597481                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7820                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            9368352                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3765121                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               12826                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               6244                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2532166                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1420533                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1129642                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     692715                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    436927                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3877029349.597463                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              15306357.402537                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003932                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996068                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           493236                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                66015      1.41%      1.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3464070     73.81%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7485      0.16%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    19927      0.42%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5928      0.13%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  692715     14.76%     90.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 436927      9.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4693083                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3892297732                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   16346573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     29609907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             29313367                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 18602                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     592131                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2179029                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    29313367                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        18602                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           58364176                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          24095019                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               30194                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              14671                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            17087914                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           11759176                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      6298106                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3901155                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2396951                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3819055559.327024                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              73242172.672976                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.018817                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.981183                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2971270                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                96294      0.33%      0.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 23133701     78.13%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   44692      0.15%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    23635      0.08%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  13832      0.05%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3901155     13.17%     91.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2396951      8.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  29610324                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3898005182                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3286140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6536060                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6414703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21204                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     154048                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       477593                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6414703                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        21204                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           13140607                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5155949                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               33822                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16466                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3510939                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1881537                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1619502                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     954531                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    664971                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3878390502.346788                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              19614679.653212                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005032                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994968                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           696929                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                75172      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4796910     73.39%     74.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7538      0.12%     74.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    21307      0.33%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  15748      0.24%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  954531     14.60%     89.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 664971     10.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6536193                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3896257999                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  718202720                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1066379448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            465857836                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708840951                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     944930                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10986159                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   465857836                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708840951                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          975905189                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         345345401                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593841372                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654314244                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           112728124                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          202304651                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129837011                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75736930                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54100081                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              72096567.636369                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3824161431.363631                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.981496                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.018504                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12237720                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               327314      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                432819289     40.59%     40.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   89576      0.01%     40.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     3848      0.00%     40.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503319138     47.20%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75736930      7.10%     94.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54100081      5.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1066396176                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2602                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2602                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3067                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3067                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                81                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               81                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           26                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           98                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5880                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   11500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          163                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2487                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2313                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4707                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          524                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    12860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               286981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1257996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1267488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1272993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1344228                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               67998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1157500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             4973500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1458500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1776000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              377092629                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.626481                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.149926                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   347613974     92.18%     92.18% |    29470404      7.82%    100.00% |        8168      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                377092629                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2480424927                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000694                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2480423732    100.00%    100.00% |        1195      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2480424927                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2480424927                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.139277                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.112408                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        11.918568                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2479860109     99.98%     99.98% |      371436      0.01%     99.99% |      186242      0.01%    100.00% |        4175      0.00%    100.00% |        2707      0.00%    100.00% |         226      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2480424927                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2377486403                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2377486403    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2377486403                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    102938524                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    28.452220                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.025264                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.966986                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   102373706     99.45%     99.45% |      371436      0.36%     99.81% |      186242      0.18%     99.99% |        4175      0.00%    100.00% |        2707      0.00%    100.00% |         226      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    102938524                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       996741                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       136739                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      1133480                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      2812840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses       164057                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      2976897                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits      5710289                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses       598662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses      6308951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits     21102829                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses       347751                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses     21450580                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1445451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       179003                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1624454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      4246648                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       174744                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      4421392                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits    117929630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses     48795806                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses    166725436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits   1047752054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses      1566816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses   1049318870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        200581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       100215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       300796                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits        634140                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       312273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses       946413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        235388                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       118359                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       353747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits      25681892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses     24680730                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses     50362622                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     19199882                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      6011695                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     25211577                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            49                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.010365                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       100215                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        50267                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116168                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        68503                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        63820                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13262                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16621                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17297                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       801720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       402136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8364096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       548024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       510560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       954864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1196712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       138376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.035176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       312273                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        51460                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       338857                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       261401                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       263163                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       149568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12601                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        81654                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      2498184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       411680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     24397704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2091208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2105304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10768896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       907272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       653232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.011730                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       118359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44277                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       130007                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        78464                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        82387                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        23626                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       946872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       354216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9360504                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       627712                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       659096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1701072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       768384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       199512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     2.806111                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0     24680730                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24683223                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24520997                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24515211                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14587540                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          466                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9917760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0    197445840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       115712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1777192056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    196167976                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    196121688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1050302880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        33552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79342080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     3.460169                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     31189378                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2       108138                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     33923203                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     34066977                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24924581                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14773996                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10041650                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    249515024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       865104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2442470616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    272535816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    199396648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1063727712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2905920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80333200                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.150597                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0      1496248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2185150                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2294832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0     11969984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    157330800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18358656                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.150092                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      1492324                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2177289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2290947                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0     11938592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    156764808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18327576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.150342                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0      1495683                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2180478                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2297753                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0     11965464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    156994416                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18382024                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.150252                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0      1493546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2179801                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2292048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0     11948368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    156945672                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     18336384                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.461678                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0     31189378                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2       160468                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1     33957099                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1     34085961                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24924581                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14773996                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10041780                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0    249515024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1283744                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2444911128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    272687688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    199396648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1063727712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2905920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80334240                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        93568134                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       429074                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data    101871277                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    177031626                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     44443068                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     30125724                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        748545072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3432592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   7334731944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1416253008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   3199900896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    241005792                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012388                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        50267                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96597                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        45181                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       402136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6954984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       361448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008343                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       100215                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        19571                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        23322                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        63820                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        13262                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        16621                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        17297                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       801720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1409112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       186576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       510560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       954864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      1196712                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       138376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.039577                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        51460                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       310428                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       237016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       411680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22350816                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1896128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.030776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       312273                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28429                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        24385                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       263163                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       149568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        12601                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        81654                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2498184                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2046888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       195080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2105304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     10768896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       907272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       653232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014763                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44277                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       117097                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        51643                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       354216                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8430984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       413144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008698                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       118359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12910                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26821                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        82387                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        23626                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        10672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24939                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       946872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       929520                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       214568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       659096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1701072                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       768384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       199512                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     3.166776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24678954                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24509291                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       115712                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1776884688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    196074328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     2.445446                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     24680730                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4269                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11706                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24515211                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14587540                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          466                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9917760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    197445840                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       307368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        93648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    196121688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1050302880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        33552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     79342080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     3.256426                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     25211577                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6009106                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6027501                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24924581                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14773996                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10041650                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    201692616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    432655632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48220008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    199396648                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1063727712                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2905920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80333200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     3.663913                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5977801                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       108138                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27914097                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     28039476                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     47822408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       865104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2009814984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    224315808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.109131                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1496248                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       688900                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       802964                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11969984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49600800                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6423712                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.192062                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1496250                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1491868                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107730000                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11934944                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.108626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1492324                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       684965                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       802990                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11938592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49317480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6423920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.191558                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1492324                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1487957                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107447328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11903656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.108695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1495683                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       684795                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       806479                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11965464                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49305240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6451832                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.191989                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1495683                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1491274                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107689176                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11930192                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.108790                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      1493546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       686255                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       802896                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     11948368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49410360                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6423168                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.191715                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1493546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1489152                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    107535312                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     11913216                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.012388                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        50267                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        96597                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        45181                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       402136                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6954984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       361448                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.039577                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        51460                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       310428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       237016                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       411680                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     22350816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1896128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.014763                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44277                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       117097                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        51643                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       354216                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8430984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       413144                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     3.166776                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14464                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1     24678954                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24509291                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       115712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1776884688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    196074328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     3.256426                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     25211577                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6009106                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6027501                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24924581                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     14773996                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        40360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10041650                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0    201692616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    432655632                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48220008                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    199396648                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1063727712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2905920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     80333200                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.109131                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0      1496248                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1       688900                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1       802964                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0     11969984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49600800                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6423712                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          272                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.108626                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0      1492324                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       684965                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       802990                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0     11938592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49317480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6423920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.108695                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0      1495683                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1       684795                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1       806479                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0     11965464                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49305240                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6451832                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.108790                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0      1493546                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1       686255                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1       802896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0     11948368                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49410360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      6423168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples     149101483                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.579474                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.186372                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |   119691453     80.28%     80.28% |    29401955     19.72%     99.99% |        7992      0.01%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total       149101483                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     226523050                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.003264                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.151470                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   226394008     99.94%     99.94% |       39883      0.02%     99.96% |        7913      0.00%     99.96% |       12621      0.01%     99.97% |       67757      0.03%    100.00% |         583      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       226523050                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1468096                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000022                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.006603                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1468080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1468096                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    180648546                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       9.229366                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.213618                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     29.704928                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   180395882     99.86%     99.86% |      156424      0.09%     99.95% |       92856      0.05%    100.00% |        2189      0.00%    100.00% |        1063      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     180648546                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    125394924                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   125394924    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    125394924                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55253622                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    27.905439                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    13.436726                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.809955                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    55000958     99.54%     99.54% |      156424      0.28%     99.83% |       92856      0.17%     99.99% |        2189      0.00%    100.00% |        1063      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     55253622                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    112115945                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      11.629803                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.068584                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     38.628737                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   111807885     99.73%     99.73% |      211911      0.19%     99.91% |       92419      0.08%    100.00% |        1962      0.00%    100.00% |        1642      0.00%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     112115945                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     86033649                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    86033649    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     86033649                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     26082296                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.692695                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.747611                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.369180                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    25774236     98.82%     98.82% |      211911      0.81%     99.63% |       92419      0.35%     99.99% |        1962      0.01%     99.99% |        1642      0.01%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     26082296                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2135111591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.023689                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004176                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.096737                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2135068384    100.00%    100.00% |       40067      0.00%    100.00% |        1294      0.00%    100.00% |        1075      0.00%    100.00% |         536      0.00%    100.00% |         221      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2135111591                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2130974377                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2130974377    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2130974377                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4137214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    13.225509                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.592396                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.715841                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     4094007     98.96%     98.96% |       40067      0.97%     99.92% |        1294      0.03%     99.96% |        1075      0.03%     99.98% |         536      0.01%     99.99% |         221      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4137214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51442705                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.850131                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.792609                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.664457                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51434919     99.98%     99.98% |        6996      0.01%    100.00% |         317      0.00%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51442705                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     34092609                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    34092609    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     34092609                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17350096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.485604                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.643910                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.675838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    17342310     99.96%     99.96% |        6996      0.04%    100.00% |         317      0.00%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     17350096                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       553070                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.150200                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.617885                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.360257                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      551333     99.69%     99.69% |        1573      0.28%     99.97% |          84      0.02%     99.99% |          49      0.01%     99.99% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       553070                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       437774                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      437774    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       437774                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       115296                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    16.111374                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.053385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    25.990275                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      113559     98.49%     98.49% |        1573      1.36%     99.86% |          84      0.07%     99.93% |          49      0.04%     99.97% |          22      0.02%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       115296                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       553070                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      553070    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       553070                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       553070                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      553070    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       553070                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     1496248     25.03%     25.03% |     1492324     24.96%     49.99% |     1495683     25.02%     75.02% |     1493546     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      5977801                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      688900     25.10%     25.10% |      684965     24.95%     50.05% |      684795     24.95%     75.00% |      686255     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2744915                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1496248     25.03%     25.03% |     1492324     24.96%     49.99% |     1495683     25.02%     75.02% |     1493546     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5977801                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      688930     25.10%     25.10% |      684995     24.95%     50.05% |      684827     24.95%     75.00% |      686286     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2745038                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          32     25.00%     25.00% |          32     25.00%     50.00% |          32     25.00%     75.00% |          32     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      802964     24.97%     24.97% |      802990     24.97%     49.95% |      806479     25.08%     75.03% |      802896     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3215329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     1496248     25.03%     25.03% |     1492324     24.96%     49.99% |     1495683     25.02%     75.02% |     1493546     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      5977801                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          30     24.39%     24.39% |          30     24.39%     48.78% |          32     26.02%     74.80% |          31     25.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          30     24.39%     24.39% |          30     24.39%     48.78% |          32     26.02%     74.80% |          31     25.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      688896     25.10%     25.10% |      684963     24.95%     50.05% |      684795     24.95%     75.00% |      686254     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2744908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      802964     24.97%     24.97% |      802990     24.97%     49.95% |      806479     25.08%     75.03% |      802896     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3215329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1496248     25.03%     25.03% |     1492324     24.96%     49.99% |     1495683     25.02%     75.02% |     1493546     24.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      5977801                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      688896     25.10%     25.10% |      684963     24.95%     50.05% |      684795     24.95%     75.00% |      686254     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2744908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      645713      0.70%      0.70% |     3553849      3.86%      4.56% |      905482      0.98%      5.55% |    86957056     94.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total     92062100                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2976897      0.28%      0.28% |    21450580      1.99%      2.27% |     4421392      0.41%      2.68% |  1049318870     97.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1078167739                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      487767      0.58%      0.58% |     2755102      3.29%      3.87% |      718972      0.86%      4.73% |    79768380     95.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     83730221                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       56207      9.09%      9.09% |       79199     12.82%     21.91% |       66717     10.80%     32.71% |      415885     67.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       618008                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      277592      0.54%      0.54% |      913980      1.77%      2.31% |      328056      0.64%      2.95% |    50061855     97.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     51581483                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      159073     10.81%     10.81% |      318584     21.64%     32.45% |      174854     11.88%     44.33% |      819496     55.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      1472007                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141723      0.28%      0.28% |      627829      1.24%      1.52% |      178893      0.35%      1.88% |    49543126     98.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     50491571                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       97396      0.35%      0.35% |      416541      1.50%      1.85% |      129211      0.46%      2.31% |    27196559     97.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     27839707                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      164057      7.28%      7.28% |      347751     15.43%     22.71% |      174744      7.75%     30.47% |     1566816     69.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      2253368                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       36506      0.17%      0.17% |      180429      0.83%      0.99% |       48832      0.22%      1.22% |    21597798     98.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     21863565                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       35833     14.75%     14.75% |       48451     19.95%     34.70% |       42005     17.30%     52.00% |      116583     48.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       242872                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       65144     12.22%     12.22% |      237568     44.56%     56.78% |       94079     17.65%     74.43% |      136301     25.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       533092                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2250366      6.11%      6.11% |    11910145     32.34%     38.46% |     2579267      7.00%     45.46% |    20082734     54.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     36822512                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2837     40.89%     40.89% |        1692     24.39%     65.28% |         960     13.84%     79.12% |        1449     20.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         6938                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        8339      9.77%      9.77% |       12413     14.55%     24.32% |       10157     11.90%     36.22% |       54429     63.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        85338                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      147890     10.72%     10.72% |      304449     22.07%     32.79% |      163720     11.87%     44.65% |      763630     55.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      1379689                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      149444      0.27%      0.27% |      829399      1.51%      1.78% |      199719      0.36%      2.15% |    53752969     97.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     54931531                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      562474      0.05%      0.05% |     9192684      0.88%      0.94% |     1667381      0.16%      1.10% |  1027669320     98.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1039091859                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       17883      0.21%      0.21% |      172070      1.99%      2.20% |       25399      0.29%      2.49% |     8421790     97.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      8637142                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        5256      2.02%      2.02% |       11552      4.45%      6.47% |        4803      1.85%      8.32% |      238234     91.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       259845                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       79239      0.40%      0.40% |      262133      1.33%      1.73% |       98899      0.50%      2.23% |    19283820     97.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     19724091                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      333729      3.81%      3.81% |     2070341     23.64%     27.45% |      482473      5.51%     32.96% |     5871227     67.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      8757770                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      430541      0.81%      0.81% |     2400911      4.51%      5.32% |      643781      1.21%      6.53% |    49747343     93.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     53222576                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        6779     22.63%     22.63% |        6783     22.65%     45.28% |        9752     32.56%     77.84% |        6639     22.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        29953                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       50463      0.17%      0.17% |      347398      1.14%      1.31% |       65437      0.21%      1.52% |    30014405     98.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     30477703                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      130809     10.65%     10.65% |      258242     21.03%     31.68% |      137843     11.22%     42.90% |      701359     57.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1228253                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       33248      3.24%      3.24% |       89509      8.73%     11.97% |       36901      3.60%     15.57% |      865457     84.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1025115                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       28264     11.60%     11.60% |       60342     24.76%     36.35% |       37011     15.18%     51.53% |      118137     48.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       243754                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       69132      0.25%      0.25% |      356199      1.29%      1.54% |       92200      0.33%      1.88% |    27078422     98.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     27595953                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       36506      0.17%      0.17% |      180429      0.83%      0.99% |       48832      0.22%      1.22% |    21597798     98.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     21863565                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        2837     40.89%     40.89% |        1692     24.39%     65.28% |         960     13.84%     79.12% |        1449     20.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         6938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      261453      0.87%      0.87% |      764292      2.54%      3.41% |      303955      1.01%      4.42% |    28763375     95.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     30093075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       39343      0.18%      0.18% |      182121      0.83%      1.01% |       49792      0.23%      1.24% |    21599247     98.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21870503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      129702      0.26%      0.26% |      609531      1.21%      1.47% |      164336      0.33%      1.80% |    49298225     98.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     50201794                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        6779     22.63%     22.63% |        6783     22.65%     45.28% |        9752     32.56%     77.84% |        6639     22.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total        29953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       39943     31.55%     31.55% |       36986     29.22%     60.77% |       37493     29.62%     90.39% |       12172      9.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       126594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       59338      5.57%      5.57% |       99352      9.33%     14.90% |       75536      7.09%     22.00% |      830468     78.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1064694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       53076     30.98%     30.98% |       59046     34.46%     65.45% |       57898     33.79%     99.24% |        1302      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total       171322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       58929      0.23%      0.23% |      275769      1.10%      1.33% |       81610      0.33%      1.66% |    24677090     98.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     25093398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1077     41.92%     41.92% |         519     20.20%     62.13% |         658     25.61%     87.74% |         315     12.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9247     29.54%     29.54% |       13955     44.58%     74.11% |        6127     19.57%     93.68% |        1977      6.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        31306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1258     55.61%     55.61% |         612     27.06%     82.67% |         126      5.57%     88.24% |         266     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       38415      0.26%      0.26% |      185654      1.27%      1.54% |       45055      0.31%      1.85% |    14304640     98.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     14573764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5155     16.47%     16.47% |        4474     14.29%     30.76% |       14803     47.29%     78.05% |        6873     21.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        31305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       51769      0.49%      0.49% |      119688      1.13%      1.62% |       57113      0.54%      2.16% |    10367175     97.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total     10595745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       49428      8.41%      8.41% |       72416     12.31%     20.72% |       56965      9.69%     30.41% |      409246     69.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       588055                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        9746     58.28%     58.28% |        3337     19.96%     78.24% |        1690     10.11%     88.34% |        1949     11.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        16722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4876     45.30%     45.30% |        2457     22.83%     68.13% |        1388     12.90%     81.03% |        2042     18.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        10763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       30559      0.12%      0.12% |      231222      0.93%      1.05% |       48565      0.20%      1.25% |    24505300     98.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     24815646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       79965      0.54%      0.54% |      239238      1.61%      2.14% |       95830      0.64%      2.79% |    14477032     97.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     14892065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       16632      0.16%      0.16% |       71190      0.69%      0.85% |       21266      0.21%      1.06% |    10201922     98.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     10311010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        3381     17.28%     17.28% |        2625     13.41%     30.69% |        2830     14.46%     45.16% |       10732     54.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        19568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      111867      9.85%      9.85% |      255784     22.52%     32.37% |      121272     10.68%     43.05% |      646813     56.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1135736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2996     38.61%     38.61% |        1813     23.36%     61.97% |        1195     15.40%     77.37% |        1756     22.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       27457     10.02%     10.02% |       43523     15.89%     25.91% |       32211     11.76%     37.67% |      170737     62.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       273928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |       16715     30.79%     30.79% |       17341     31.95%     62.74% |       19950     36.75%     99.49% |         275      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        54281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        5656     31.47%     31.47% |        9216     51.29%     82.76% |        2807     15.62%     98.38% |         291      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total        17970                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         622     83.83%     83.83% |          32      4.31%     88.14% |          68      9.16%     97.30% |          20      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          742                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |       18761     29.63%     29.63% |       21010     33.18%     62.80% |       22589     35.67%     98.47% |         967      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        63327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       28370     10.21%     10.21% |       44547     16.04%     26.25% |       33045     11.90%     38.15% |      171790     61.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       277752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       35600      0.25%      0.25% |      177479      1.24%      1.48% |       38000      0.26%      1.75% |    14117721     98.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total     14368800                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         206      0.11%      0.11% |        2735      1.41%      1.52% |        4205      2.17%      3.68% |      186809     96.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       193955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2609     23.68%     23.68% |        5464     49.59%     73.27% |        2851     25.88%     99.15% |          94      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        11018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |        1180     35.35%     35.35% |         750     22.47%     57.82% |        1401     41.97%     99.79% |           7      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total         3338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         164      0.09%      0.09% |        2616      1.38%      1.46% |         767      0.40%      1.87% |      186586     98.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       190133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           6     33.33%     33.33% |           4     22.22%     55.56% |           5     27.78%     83.33% |           3     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |        1306     19.57%     19.57% |        4331     64.91%     84.49% |         978     14.66%     99.15% |          57      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total         6672                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       94102      0.26%      0.26% |      432052      1.21%      1.47% |      126335      0.35%      1.82% |    35180504     98.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     35832993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2006      3.11%      3.11% |        3418      5.30%      8.41% |        1352      2.10%     10.51% |       57688     89.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        64464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        7214     35.43%     35.43% |        6718     32.99%     68.42% |        6148     30.19%     98.62% |         282      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        20362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       63965      0.46%      0.46% |      260054      1.85%      2.31% |       84046      0.60%      2.90% |    13639239     97.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     14047304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       19093      0.17%      0.17% |      109086      0.94%      1.11% |       27263      0.24%      1.35% |    11395549     98.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     11550991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |       16621     41.18%     41.18% |       12601     31.22%     72.40% |       10672     26.44%     98.85% |         466      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total        40360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       30395      0.12%      0.12% |      228606      0.93%      1.05% |       47798      0.19%      1.25% |    24318714     98.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     24625513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1071     41.98%     41.98% |         515     20.19%     62.17% |         653     25.60%     87.77% |         312     12.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        7941     32.24%     32.24% |        9624     39.07%     71.31% |        5148     20.90%     92.21% |        1920      7.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        24633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       38415      0.26%      0.26% |      185654      1.27%      1.54% |       45055      0.31%      1.85% |    14304640     98.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     14573764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5155     16.47%     16.47% |        4474     14.29%     30.76% |       14803     47.29%     78.05% |        6873     21.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        31305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       36395     12.68%     12.68% |       49110     17.11%     29.79% |       35972     12.53%     42.33% |      165519     57.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       286996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1258     55.61%     55.61% |         612     27.06%     82.67% |         126      5.57%     88.24% |         266     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       15374      0.15%      0.15% |       70578      0.68%      0.83% |       21141      0.21%      1.04% |    10201656     98.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total     10308749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        9746     58.28%     58.28% |        3337     19.96%     78.24% |        1690     10.11%     88.34% |        1949     11.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        16722                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        4876     45.30%     45.30% |        2457     22.83%     68.13% |        1388     12.90%     81.03% |        2042     18.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        10763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       30559      0.12%      0.12% |      231222      0.93%      1.05% |       48565      0.20%      1.25% |    24505300     98.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     24815646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       27457     10.02%     10.02% |       43523     15.89%     25.91% |       32211     11.76%     37.67% |      170737     62.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       273928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |       16715     30.79%     30.79% |       17341     31.95%     62.74% |       19950     36.75%     99.49% |         275      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        54281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       44172     13.46%     13.46% |       60864     18.54%     32.00% |       52161     15.89%     47.90% |      171012     52.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       328209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         159      3.30%      3.30% |         498     10.35%     13.65% |        3905     81.15%     94.80% |         250      5.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         4812                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         206      0.11%      0.11% |        2735      1.41%      1.52% |        4205      2.17%      3.68% |      186809     96.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       193955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2609     23.68%     23.68% |        5464     49.59%     73.27% |        2851     25.88%     99.15% |          94      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        11018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |        2656      1.33%      1.33% |        7701      3.85%      5.17% |        3151      1.57%      6.75% |      186653     93.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       200161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        6620     26.33%     26.33% |        6285     25.00%     51.33% |        5847     23.26%     74.59% |        6389     25.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total        25141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        2006      3.11%      3.11% |        3418      5.30%      8.41% |        1352      2.10%     10.51% |       57688     89.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        64464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        7214     35.43%     35.43% |        6718     32.99%     68.42% |        6148     30.19%     98.62% |         282      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        20362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |        2600      4.36%      4.36% |        3851      6.45%     10.81% |        1652      2.77%     13.58% |       51581     86.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        59684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       14892166      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX       10311022      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         8502      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       24815646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2720296      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3239941      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       5977801      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        5960244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          31719      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        39946      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              44109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          23141      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          31305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     24893276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3265112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2712689      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       286956      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         8501      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        19165      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     11308672      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7593491      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2718200      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3178538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        31305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         2569      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     24815646      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1458      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        42238      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      5960244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          221      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        24612      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean        14509      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all         3117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          43361      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        19165      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            748      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      3265092      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      2712689      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           80      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        10763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     24882513      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         6090      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        25133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           82      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           77      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        31223      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
