
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.029865                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4029865065000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               57182144461001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122825                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   205961                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              322161278                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1965232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12508.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1536398768                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2576335215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    375335296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         375335296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    373796736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      373796736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5864614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            5864614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5840574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           5840574                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     93138428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             93138428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     92756638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            92756638                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    185895066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           185895066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    5864614                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   5840574                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  5864614                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 5840574                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             217146560                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ              158188736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              304366912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              375335296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           373796736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               2471699                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              1084839                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           385182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           125322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           159548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           363214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           286025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           157998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           229915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           197424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           214359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           181469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          314251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          110054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           75158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          200260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          238609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          154127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           757119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           168377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           212605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           527388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           376637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           202043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           309061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           243949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           297083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           240609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          394497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          139918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           90040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          268650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          312046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          215711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4029865001500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              5864614                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             5840574                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                3388053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 94431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 95675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                280285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                285781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                285968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                286126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                286341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                286315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                286408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                286273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                286133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                285477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                285038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                285007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                285027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                284997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                284981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                284980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      4885243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   106.752782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.356730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.316035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3061552     62.67%     62.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1470820     30.11%     92.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       274861      5.63%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        61548      1.26%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12172      0.25%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2470      0.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          615      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          246      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          959      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      4885243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       284980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.905814                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.699813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15        258167     90.59%     90.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        26086      9.15%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47          544      0.19%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63           52      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           36      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           21      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           14      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            9      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            7      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            6      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::352-367            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::400-415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::416-431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::432-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::464-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       284980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       284980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.687954                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.659965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.980805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          189490     66.49%     66.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             607      0.21%     66.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           89433     31.38%     98.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            5230      1.84%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             210      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       284980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 66643198456                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           130260354706                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               16964575000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19641.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38391.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       53.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       75.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    93.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    92.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1136793                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                2126611                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                33.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               44.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    344280.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   40.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             20610956520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             11246057625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            14904786000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           18166505040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        263576985360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1724314321935                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        908722995000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2961542607480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           733.878771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1500214888754                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134565860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2395080299246                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             16406832960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              8952141000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11646507600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           12724264080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        263576985360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1579301593785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1035927142500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2928535467285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           725.699507                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1712464190501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134565860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2182829285749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    372967360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         372967360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    371436224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      371436224                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5827615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            5827615                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5803691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           5803691                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     92550831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             92550831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     92170884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            92170884                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    184721714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           184721714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    5827615                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   5803691                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  5827615                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 5803691                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             204769344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              168198016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              288147328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              372967360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           371436224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               2628094                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              1301392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           391499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            98158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           111264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           340592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           277523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           159308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           256388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           178722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           181215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           193723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          299248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           94896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           69140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          134884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          174164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          238797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           781184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           116232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           144831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           478241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           377467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           201411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           351593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           212334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           222105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           262484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          390487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          126707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           82056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          186680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          223321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          345169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4029866120500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              5827615                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             5803691                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                3195387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   4104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 94285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 95181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                265561                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                269914                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                270007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                270084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                270243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                270413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                270295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                270263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                270321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                269692                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                269294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                269287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                269270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                269259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                269253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                269251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      4648461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   106.038529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.295330                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    71.659560                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2891891     62.21%     62.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1440363     30.99%     93.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       253986      5.46%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        50148      1.08%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8810      0.19%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1646      0.04%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          434      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          222      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          961      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      4648461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       269250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.883090                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.388243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15        241675     89.76%     89.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        27037     10.04%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47          334      0.12%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63           65      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           37      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           25      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           13      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           10      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           11      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           10      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::304-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       269250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       269250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.721642                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.693292                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.986291                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          174147     64.68%     64.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             468      0.17%     64.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           90215     33.51%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            4285      1.59%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             126      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       269250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 62749813964                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           122740832714                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               15997605000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19612.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               38362.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       50.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       71.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    92.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    92.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1036122                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                2017234                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                32.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               44.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    346467.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   39.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             19728946440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             10764802125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            14193410400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           17298820080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        263576985360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1711583004285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        919890817500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2957036786190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           732.762216                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1518951681750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134565860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2376341794500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             15498090720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              8456299500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            10850096400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           11950066080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        263576985360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        1527817841460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1081088349000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2919237728520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           723.395495                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1787827232500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134565860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2107466354250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    436945920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         436945920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    435422336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      435422336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6827280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            6827280                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6803474                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           6803474                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    108426936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            108426936                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    108048862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           108048862                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    216475798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           216475798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    6827280                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   6803474                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  6827280                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 6803474                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             244047616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ              192898304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              333596928                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              436945920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           435422336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               3014036                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              1591018                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           472979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           164106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2           184890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           479660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           324427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           162964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           296433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           226236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           207660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           203823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          311249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           96469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           69084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          209019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14          228391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          175854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           826691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           189045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           228452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           709707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           427195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           203864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           424237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           264393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           267114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9           266876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10          372744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11          126546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           85598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13          267366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14          284354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          268270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4029865001500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              6827280                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             6803474                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                3807612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   5578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 97657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                100099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                307275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                314166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                314231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                314309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                314359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                314502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                314740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                314478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                314377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                313488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                313089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                313049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                313036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                313014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                313002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                313001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      5385428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.260609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.564363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    74.879489                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3385249     62.86%     62.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1591261     29.55%     92.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383       323501      6.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        67483      1.25%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13391      0.25%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2649      0.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          670      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          303      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          921      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      5385428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       313000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.182875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.887952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-15        276918     88.47%     88.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        35460     11.33%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-47          393      0.13%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          117      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           43      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           19      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           14      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       313000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       313000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.653201                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.625890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.969362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16          213504     68.21%     68.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             950      0.30%     68.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           92365     29.51%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            5962      1.90%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20             209      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       313000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 75349970691                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat           146848295691                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat               19066220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    19760.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               38510.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       60.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       82.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   108.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   108.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                 1284727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                2355537                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                33.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               45.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    295645.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   40.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy             24221529360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy             13216112250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy            18079035000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy           21253136400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        263576985360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        1813331329380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        830637900750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2984316028500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           739.522091                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1369997554253                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134565860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2525296124247                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy             16578694440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              9045914625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy            11750949600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy           12597107040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        263576985360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        1600833320415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1017039663000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2931422634480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           726.414956                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1680872032751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134565860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2214421853249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    391586496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         391586496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    390068928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      390068928                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6118539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            6118539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6094827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           6094827                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     97171119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             97171119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     96794538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            96794538                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    193965657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           193965657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    6118539                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   6094827                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  6118539                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 6094827                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             224022720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ              167563776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              314322240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              391586496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           390068928                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               2618184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              1183554                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           395027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           103274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2           189029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           396692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           322859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           176124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           273565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           125619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           179357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           180409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          346674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          102981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           97036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          193498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14          297225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          120986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           720214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           125092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           232566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           604667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           457657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           214595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           370392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           161448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           233778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9           231435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10          465977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11          136493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12          117039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13          269594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14          393480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          176858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4029865015000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              6118539                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             6094827                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                3494443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   5857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     55                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 96947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 98104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                289173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                295370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                295280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                295531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                295744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                295828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                295982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                295831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                295419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                294810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                294499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                294490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                294472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                294450                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                294438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                294437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      5012153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.407875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.738371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.029986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3129637     62.44%     62.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1508219     30.09%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383       291299      5.81%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        65702      1.31%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12898      0.26%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2546      0.05%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          648      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          277      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          927      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      5012153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       294437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.888322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.921867                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-15        265483     90.17%     90.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        28267      9.60%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-47          447      0.15%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          123      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           39      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           29      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           14      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            5      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            7      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       294437                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       294437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.680258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.652794                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.971073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16          196182     66.63%     66.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             833      0.28%     66.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           92943     31.57%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            4352      1.48%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20             119      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       294437                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 69088438416                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat           134720094666                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat               17501775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    19737.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               38487.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       55.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       78.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    97.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    96.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                 1169447                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                2230037                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                33.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               45.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    329955.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   40.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy             21130116840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy             11529329625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy            15506244000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy           18742538160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        263576985360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        1766715304950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        871529150250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2968729669185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           735.659746                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1438099706752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134565860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2457199243998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy             16839831960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              9188400375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy            11879439000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy           13151419200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        263576985360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        1594828336500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1022307192750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2931771605145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           726.501432                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1689439118257                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134565860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2205855332493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8058330222                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   49095153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     86959138                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             76404924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19654241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1349424                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6508721                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    76404924                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19654241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          156556639                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          57147327                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27210082                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14481510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            58642377                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           23900139                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20652019                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13925324                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6726695                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7839981427.005742                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              218348794.994257                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.027096                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.972904                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8847356                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               243176      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 56992049     65.54%     65.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  247462      0.28%     66.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   850420      0.98%     67.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7916184      9.10%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.07%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13925324     16.01%     92.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                6726695      7.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  86959186                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8058347138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  540318618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    898619141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            686961341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             342096508                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   12579111                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     61063170                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   686961341                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    342096508                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1444679062                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         465336066                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           544306934                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          279505910                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           513558115                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          198193835                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    225410771                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  166901064                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58509707                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5147465613.191744                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2910881524.808256                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.361226                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.638774                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         82194443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1205705      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                520870924     57.96%     58.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1586356      0.18%     58.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  6006418      0.67%     58.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              143233248     15.94%     74.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 305838      0.03%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               166901064     18.57%     93.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58509707      6.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 898619260                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8057116303                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3536833                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7503074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7353591                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     197888                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       598551                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7353591                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           14620161                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6060398                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4549982                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2331008                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1677295                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1049231                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    628064                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              8027390123.587913                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              29726179.412088                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003689                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996311                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           857862                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               118385      1.58%      1.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5650237     75.31%     76.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   16651      0.22%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    40412      0.54%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1049231     13.98%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 628064      8.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7503100                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8061850377                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  941870037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1580313396                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1206633182                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             603852554                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   22061900                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts    105712903                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1206633182                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    603852554                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2569207962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         823858453                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           958451193                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          496035221                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           887721116                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          334743087                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    403245897                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  300397541                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 102848356                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3059042669.767584                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5002807707.232416                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.620553                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.379447                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        142780660                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              2207245      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                911438624     57.67%     57.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2933738      0.19%     58.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 12838779      0.81%     58.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              246944772     15.63%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 704442      0.04%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               300397541     19.01%     93.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              102848356      6.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1580313497                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 874                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                5681                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               5681                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   13336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          630                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4164                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4814                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          790                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5003                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4782                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19874                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                25496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2262462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2709614                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2608974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2793859                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              180401                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2323500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2504000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2414000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1523                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      6238208                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1523                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               50660785                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.001633                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.126378                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    50649748     99.98%     99.98% |        1204      0.00%     99.98% |        1190      0.00%     99.98% |        3368      0.01%     99.99% |        3690      0.01%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |         785      0.00%    100.00% |         627      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 50660785                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2887415074                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000267                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2887414868    100.00%    100.00% |         206      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2887415074                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2887415074                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.826023                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.038950                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        11.098270                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2884793729     99.91%     99.91% |     1629416      0.06%     99.97% |      734751      0.03%     99.99% |      113902      0.00%    100.00% |      106934      0.00%    100.00% |       29892      0.00%    100.00% |        3217      0.00%    100.00% |        3068      0.00%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2887415074                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2862084722                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2862084722    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2862084722                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25330352                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    95.158672                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    77.920617                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.472696                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    22709007     89.65%     89.65% |     1629416      6.43%     96.08% |      734751      2.90%     98.98% |      113902      0.45%     99.43% |      106934      0.42%     99.86% |       29892      0.12%     99.97% |        3217      0.01%     99.99% |        3068      0.01%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     25330352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       790530                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     24539822                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     89220296                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       725038                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     89945334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1003757682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      9465909                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1013223591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5998266                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       289543                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6287809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1763108478                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses     14849862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1777958340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.044984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       725038                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2       488920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       961314                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       725237                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      5800304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2     35202240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     69214608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5801896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.587237                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2      9465909                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2      9279540                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9652334                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9466041                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2     75727272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2    668126880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    694968048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     75728328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.017979                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       289543                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        50198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       529436                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       290131                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2      2316344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      3614256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     38119392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2321048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.921211                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2     14849862                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2     14721053                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4     14977798                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     14849024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2    118798896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2   1059915816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1078401456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    118792192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.364251                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      6031508                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      5839863                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24823                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5839890                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25543                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6031588                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     48252064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    420470136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1787256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    420472080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48252704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.362024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      6005483                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      5802977                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24645                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5803010                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25365                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6005495                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     48043864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    417814344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1774440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    417816720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48043960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.423929                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      6986768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      6802759                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24510                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6802792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6986762                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     55894144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    489798648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1764720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    489801024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     55894096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.380140                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      6306593                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      6094112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6094130                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25137                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6306588                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     50452744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    438776064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1758024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    438777360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     50452704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.003070                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98395                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101275                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810200                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.310483                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2     25330352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2     24539711                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98395                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4     25330352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101275                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     25330433                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2    202642816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2   1766859192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1823785344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    202643464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        75991056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           73619133                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     76286241                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     76303764                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        607928448                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          5300577576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5492609352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    610430112                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.044980                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       725038                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       725237                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     52202736                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5801896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.044988                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       725038                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       488920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       236276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      5800304                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     35202240                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17011872                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.587236                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9465909                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9466041                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    681545448                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     75728328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.587238                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      9465909                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      9279540                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       186425                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     75727272                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    668126880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13422600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017966                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       289543                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       290131                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20847096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2321048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017993                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       289543                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        50198                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       239893                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2316344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      3614256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17272296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.921233                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     14849862                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     14849024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1069190064                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    118792192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.921189                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     14849862                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     14721053                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       127936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2    118798896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2   1059915816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9211392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.363634                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6031508                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5839863                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25543                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     48252064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    420470136                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.364868                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24823                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5839890                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6031588                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1787256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    420472080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48252704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.361412                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6005483                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5802977                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25365                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     48043864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    417814344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.362637                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24645                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5803010                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6005495                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1774440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    417816720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48043960                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.423320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6986768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      6802759                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     55894144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    489798648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.424538                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24510                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6802792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6986762                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1764720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    489801024                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     55894096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.379533                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6306593                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      6094112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25137                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     50452744                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    438776064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.380746                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6094130                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6306588                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1758024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    438777360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     50452704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98395                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000628                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101275                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810200                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.044980                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       725038                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       725237                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     52202736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5801896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.587236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9465909                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9466041                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    681545448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     75728328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.017966                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       289543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       290131                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20847096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2321048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.921233                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     14849862                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     14849024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1069190064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    118792192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.363634                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      6031508                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      5839863                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     48252064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    420470136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.361412                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      6005483                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      5802977                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25365                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     48043864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    417814344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.423320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      6986768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      6802759                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25230                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     55894144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    489798648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.379533                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      6306593                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      6094112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25137                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     50452744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    438776064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.005512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98395                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      25330352                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000398                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.052272                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    25328790     99.99%     99.99% |          97      0.00%     99.99% |          80      0.00%     99.99% |         779      0.00%    100.00% |         586      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        25330352                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      25330433                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.002869                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.170902                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    25320958     99.96%     99.96% |        1107      0.00%     99.97% |        1110      0.00%     99.97% |        2589      0.01%     99.98% |        3104      0.01%     99.99% |          67      0.00%     99.99% |          32      0.00%     99.99% |          54      0.00%     99.99% |         785      0.00%    100.00% |         627      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        25330433                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    490364081                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.211307                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.148585                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     22.301557                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   488521764     99.62%     99.62% |     1133400      0.23%     99.86% |      525351      0.11%     99.96% |       83333      0.02%     99.98% |       74725      0.02%     99.99% |       20903      0.00%    100.00% |        2320      0.00%    100.00% |        2169      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     490364081                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    475130883                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   475130883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    475130883                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15233198                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.373549                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.433679                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.207163                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    13390881     87.91%     87.91% |     1133400      7.44%     95.35% |      525351      3.45%     98.79% |       83333      0.55%     99.34% |       74725      0.49%     99.83% |       20903      0.14%     99.97% |        2320      0.02%     99.98% |        2169      0.01%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     15233198                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167894749                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.897355                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.045548                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     11.235931                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167712200     99.89%     99.89% |      128250      0.08%     99.97% |       38999      0.02%     99.99% |        7005      0.00%    100.00% |        6176      0.00%    100.00% |        1769      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |         177      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167894749                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    166136864                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   166136864    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    166136864                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1757885                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.705931                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.396731                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.203424                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1575336     89.62%     89.62% |      128250      7.30%     96.91% |       38999      2.22%     99.13% |        7005      0.40%     99.53% |        6176      0.35%     99.88% |        1769      0.10%     99.98% |         158      0.01%     99.99% |         177      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1757885                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2226058733                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.295172                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015765                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.241158                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2225466222     99.97%     99.97% |      364953      0.02%     99.99% |      169573      0.01%    100.00% |       23432      0.00%    100.00% |       25891      0.00%    100.00% |        7171      0.00%    100.00% |         738      0.00%    100.00% |         720      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2226058733                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2217741671                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2217741671    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2217741671                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8317062                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    80.002696                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    65.791000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.864466                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     7724551     92.88%     92.88% |      364953      4.39%     97.26% |      169573      2.04%     99.30% |       23432      0.28%     99.58% |       25891      0.31%     99.90% |        7171      0.09%     99.98% |         738      0.01%     99.99% |         720      0.01%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8317062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1472911                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.214890                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.046007                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.496150                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1470345     99.83%     99.83% |        1658      0.11%     99.94% |         671      0.05%     99.98% |          98      0.01%     99.99% |         103      0.01%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1472911                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1458958                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1458958    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1458958                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13953                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.246614                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.381374                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.757489                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       11387     81.61%     81.61% |        1658     11.88%     93.49% |         671      4.81%     98.30% |          98      0.70%     99.00% |         103      0.74%     99.74% |          32      0.23%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       812300                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.036131                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.046351                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.464707                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      810898     99.83%     99.83% |        1155      0.14%     99.97% |         157      0.02%     99.99% |          34      0.00%     99.99% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       812300                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       804046                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      804046    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       804046                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8254                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   102.968621                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.400538                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.703218                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6852     83.01%     83.01% |        1155     13.99%     97.01% |         157      1.90%     98.91% |          34      0.41%     99.32% |          39      0.47%     99.79% |          17      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8254                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       812300                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      812300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       812300                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       812300                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      812300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       812300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       790530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.956404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.924690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.837404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      790524    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       790530                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24539822                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    96.743682                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    79.259067                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.081344                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    21918479     89.32%     89.32% |     1629416      6.64%     95.96% |      734750      2.99%     98.95% |      113902      0.46%     99.42% |      106933      0.44%     99.85% |       29892      0.12%     99.97% |        3217      0.01%     99.99% |        3068      0.01%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     24539822                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       137657                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.119275                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.084670                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.815078                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       99481     72.27%     72.27% |       38175     27.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       137657                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15095541                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.904773                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.930795                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.342136                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    13253224     87.80%     87.80% |     1133400      7.51%     95.30% |      525351      3.48%     98.78% |       83333      0.55%     99.34% |       74725      0.50%     99.83% |       20903      0.14%     99.97% |        2320      0.02%     99.98% |        2169      0.01%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     15095541                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1933                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.765649                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.722885                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.008630                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1087     56.23%     56.23% |         846     43.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1933                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1755952                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.749898                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.428504                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.228776                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1573403     89.60%     89.60% |      128250      7.30%     96.91% |       38999      2.22%     99.13% |        7005      0.40%     99.53% |        6176      0.35%     99.88% |        1769      0.10%     99.98% |         158      0.01%     99.99% |         177      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1755952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       646952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.922183                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.891141                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.841564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      646947    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       646952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7670110                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    82.877291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.820589                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.751510                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     7077601     92.28%     92.28% |      364953      4.76%     97.03% |      169572      2.21%     99.24% |       23432      0.31%     99.55% |       25890      0.34%     99.89% |        7171      0.09%     99.98% |         738      0.01%     99.99% |         720      0.01%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7670110                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          998                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.430862                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.414396                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.253572                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         894     89.58%     89.58% |         104     10.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          998                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12955                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.703435                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.974050                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.911664                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       10389     80.19%     80.19% |        1658     12.80%     92.99% |         671      5.18%     98.17% |          98      0.76%     98.93% |         103      0.80%     99.72% |          32      0.25%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12955                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2990                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.514716                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.495646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.346948                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2611     87.32%     87.32% |         379     12.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2990                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5264                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.602964                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.375105                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.981220                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3862     73.37%     73.37% |        1155     21.94%     95.31% |         157      2.98%     98.29% |          34      0.65%     98.94% |          39      0.74%     99.68% |          17      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     6031566     23.81%     23.81% |     6005528     23.71%     47.52% |     6986771     27.58%     75.10% |     6306593     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     25330458                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     5839862     23.80%     23.80% |     5802976     23.65%     47.44% |     6802759     27.72%     75.17% |     6094112     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     24539709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       24823     25.23%     25.23% |       24645     25.05%     50.27% |       24510     24.91%     75.18% |       24417     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        98395                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     5864614     23.80%     23.80% |     5827615     23.65%     47.46% |     6827280     27.71%     75.17% |     6118539     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     24638048                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     5840574     23.80%     23.80% |     5803691     23.65%     47.45% |     6803474     27.72%     75.17% |     6094827     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     24542566                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     5839890     23.80%     23.80% |     5803010     23.65%     47.44% |     6802792     27.72%     75.17% |     6094130     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     24539822                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       24724     25.17%     25.17% |       24605     25.05%     50.22% |       24488     24.93%     75.15% |       24409     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        98226                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         712     24.92%     24.92% |         715     25.03%     49.95% |         715     25.03%     74.97% |         715     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2857                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      191618     24.24%     24.24% |      202473     25.61%     49.85% |      183976     23.27%     73.12% |      212463     26.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       790530                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     5839755     23.80%     23.80% |     5802931     23.65%     47.44% |     6802732     27.72%     75.17% |     6094099     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     24539517                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          99     58.58%     58.58% |          40     23.67%     82.25% |          22     13.02%     95.27% |           8      4.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          169                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           8     34.78%     34.78% |           5     21.74%     56.52% |           5     21.74%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           23                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          99     58.58%     58.58% |          40     23.67%     82.25% |          22     13.02%     95.27% |           8      4.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          169                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |           8     34.78%     34.78% |           5     21.74%     56.52% |           5     21.74%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total           23                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           8     34.78%     34.78% |           5     21.74%     56.52% |           5     21.74%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          99     58.58%     58.58% |          40     23.67%     82.25% |          22     13.02%     95.27% |           8      4.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          169                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          58     55.77%     55.77% |          45     43.27%     99.04% |           1      0.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          104                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     5839890     23.80%     23.80% |     5803010     23.65%     47.44% |     6802792     27.72%     75.17% |     6094130     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     24539822                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     5839755     23.80%     23.80% |     5802931     23.65%     47.44% |     6802732     27.72%     75.17% |     6094099     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     24539517                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       24724     25.17%     25.17% |       24605     25.05%     50.22% |       24488     24.93%     75.15% |       24409     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        98226                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         712     24.92%     24.92% |         715     25.03%     49.95% |         715     25.03%     74.97% |         715     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2857                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       98395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        98395                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       98395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          98395                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       98395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        98395                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       98395    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        98395                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    13749412      2.80%      2.80% |   170172584     34.70%     37.51% |      974578      0.20%     37.71% |   305467507     62.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    490364081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    69292819      3.11%      3.11% |   783712681     35.21%     38.32% |     4611259      0.21%     38.53% |  1368441974     61.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2226058733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     6903103      4.04%      4.04% |    59338326     34.70%     38.74% |      701972      0.41%     39.15% |   104048859     60.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    170992260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      725038      2.86%      2.86% |     9465909     37.37%     40.23% |      289543      1.14%     41.38% |    14849862     58.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     25330352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      236276     29.89%     29.89% |      186425     23.58%     53.47% |      239893     30.35%     83.82% |      127936     16.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       790530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          82     21.35%     21.35% |         152     39.58%     60.94% |          80     20.83%     81.77% |          70     18.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      520629      2.11%      2.11% |     9314170     37.76%     39.87% |       77235      0.31%     40.18% |    14755433     59.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     24667467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      488920      1.99%      1.99% |     9279539     37.81%     39.81% |       50198      0.20%     40.01% |    14721052     59.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     24539709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      244458      1.60%      1.60% |     5452691     35.79%     37.40% |       64560      0.42%     37.82% |     9471489     62.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     15233198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      427801      5.14%      5.14% |     3340748     40.17%     45.31% |      219105      2.63%     47.95% |     4329408     52.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      8317062                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       52779      2.96%      2.96% |      672470     37.78%     40.74% |        5878      0.33%     41.07% |     1048965     58.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1780092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       31750     24.81%     24.81% |       34706     27.13%     51.94% |       27077     21.16%     73.10% |       34415     26.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       127948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    13504954      2.84%      2.84% |   164719893     34.67%     37.51% |      910018      0.19%     37.70% |   295996018     62.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    475130883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    68865018      3.11%      3.11% |   780371933     35.19%     38.29% |     4392154      0.20%     38.49% |  1364112566     61.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   2217741671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     6850324      4.05%      4.05% |    58665856     34.67%     38.72% |      696094      0.41%     39.13% |   102999894     60.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    169212168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      236276     29.89%     29.89% |      186424     23.58%     53.47% |      239893     30.35%     83.82% |      127935     16.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       790528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          41     21.35%     21.35% |          76     39.58%     60.94% |          40     20.83%     81.77% |          35     18.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      488879      1.99%      1.99% |     9279464     37.81%     39.81% |       50158      0.20%     40.01% |    14721018     59.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     24539519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          41     21.35%     21.35% |          76     39.58%     60.94% |          40     20.83%     81.77% |          35     18.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      488920      1.99%      1.99% |     9279539     37.81%     39.81% |       50198      0.20%     40.01% |    14721052     59.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     24539709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      672259      2.85%      2.85% |     8793439     37.34%     40.19% |      283665      1.20%     41.40% |    13800897     58.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     23550260                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       52779      2.96%      2.96% |      672470     37.78%     40.74% |        5878      0.33%     41.07% |     1048965     58.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      1780092                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.064886                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4064886293000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               57217165689001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122756                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   206120                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              321813097                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2218160                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12631.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1550555437                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2603540115                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    378997056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         378997056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    377460608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      377460608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5921829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            5921829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5897822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           5897822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     93236816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             93236816                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     92858836                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            92858836                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    186095652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           186095652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    5921829                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   5897822                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  5921829                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 5897822                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             220379776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ              158617280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              307851072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              378997056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           377460608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ               2478395                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts              1087657                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           389046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           128585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           162141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           366420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           289454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           161805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           232813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           199797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           218466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           184534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          316510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          113029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           78030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          203604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          242141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          157059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           761115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           172052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           215405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           530804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           380309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           206070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           312107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           246396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           301703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           243859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          396910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          143083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           93181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          272513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          315712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          218954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4064886173500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              5921829                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             5897822                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                3437376                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 94806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 96071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                283475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                289137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                289337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                289497                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                289722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                289685                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                289775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                289651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                289498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                288846                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                288402                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                288367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                288386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                288348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                288332                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                288333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   454                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      4939281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   106.944757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.389475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.360210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3096849     62.70%     62.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1483844     30.04%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       277753      5.62%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        62661      1.27%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12743      0.26%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2799      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          858      0.02%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          383      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1391      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      4939281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       288332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.942590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.696755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15        259806     90.11%     90.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        27789      9.64%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47          554      0.19%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63           52      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           36      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           21      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           14      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            9      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            7      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            6      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::352-367            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::400-415            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::416-431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::432-447            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::464-479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       288332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       288332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.682758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.654877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.978979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          192451     66.75%     66.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             614      0.21%     66.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           89790     31.14%     98.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            5253      1.82%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             213      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       288332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 67573559682                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           132137947182                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               17217170000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    19623.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               38373.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       54.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       75.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    93.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    92.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.66                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1161818                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                2152498                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                33.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               44.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    343909.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   40.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             20813481360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             11356562250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            15103124400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           18341957520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        265864488240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1737237592215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        918400324500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2987117530485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           733.847477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1516234475004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 135735340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2412911975496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             16612722000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              9064481250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11842100400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           12901479120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        265864488240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1592360840700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1045485194250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2954131305960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           725.743725                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1728288840251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 135735340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2200858327499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    376372608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         376372608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    374844160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      374844160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5880822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            5880822                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5856940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           5856940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     92591177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             92591177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     92215165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            92215165                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    184806342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           184806342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    5880822                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   5856940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  5880822                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 5856940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             207931328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ              168441280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              291503040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              376372608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           374844160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ               2631895                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts              1302197                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           395393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           101302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           113837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           343550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           281126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           163109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           259316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           181139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           185023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           196876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          301400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           97813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           71821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          138145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          177701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          241376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           785333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           119694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           147512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           481311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           381368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           205586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           354622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           214840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           226304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           265750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          392843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          129762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           84858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          190161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          226970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          347821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4064887296500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              5880822                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             5856940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                3243632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 94691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 95600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                268652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                273154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                273244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                273325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                273484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                273656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                273534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                273502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                273562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                272925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                272530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                272517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                272499                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                272485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                272476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                272474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      4699807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   106.266873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.341916                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    72.849115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2925041     62.24%     62.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1452819     30.91%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       256851      5.47%     98.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        51317      1.09%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         9365      0.20%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1998      0.04%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          664      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          360      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1392      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      4699807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       272473                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.923791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     4.392182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-15        243100     89.22%     89.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        28824     10.58%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-47          345      0.13%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-63           65      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           37      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           25      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           13      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-127           10      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-143           11      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           10      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-239            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::304-319            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       272473                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       272473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.716280                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.688026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.984683                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          176955     64.94%     64.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             471      0.17%     65.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           90593     33.25%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            4315      1.58%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             130      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       272473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 63631398184                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           124548779434                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               16244635000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    19585.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               38335.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       51.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       71.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    92.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    92.22                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1061128                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                2042718                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                32.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               44.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    346308.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   39.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             19925506440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             10872052125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            14390875200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           17473637520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        265864488240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1724467795290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        929601900750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2982596255565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           732.736732                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1535030667000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 135735340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2394115969750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             15689774520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              8560888875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11037998400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           12115118160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        265864488240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        1540747903860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1090759700250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2944775872305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           723.445369                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1803841039750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 135735340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2125306480500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    440393408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         440393408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    438871808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      438871808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6881147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            6881147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      6857372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           6857372                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    108340892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            108340892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    107966564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           107966564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    216307457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           216307457                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    6881147                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   6857372                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  6881147                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 6857372                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             247218368                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ              193175040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              336960832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              440393408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           438871808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ               3018360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts              1592354                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           476751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1           167260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2           187296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           482729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4           327896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           166875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           299211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7           228571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8           211522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9           206937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10          313447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           99435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           72006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13          212216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14          232004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          178631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           830707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1           192440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2           230990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           712905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4           430894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           208160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           427070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7           266847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           271398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9           270171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10          375030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11          129673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           88647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13          270783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14          288171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          271127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4064886432500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              6881147                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             6857372                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                3856045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   6669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 98049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                100495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                310361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                317414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                317473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                317560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                317607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                317756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                317992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                317731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                317638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                316738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                316330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                316291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                316276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                316248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                316236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                316236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      5437573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.433730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.594300                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev    75.815543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3419293     62.88%     62.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1603694     29.49%     92.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383       326332      6.00%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        68606      1.26%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13949      0.26%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3010      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          901      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          439      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1349      0.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      5437573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       316234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     12.214936                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.893220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-15        278353     88.02%     88.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        37251     11.78%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-47          401      0.13%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          117      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           43      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           19      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           14      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-399            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       316234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       316234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.649105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.621890                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.967673                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16          216337     68.41%     68.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             958      0.30%     68.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           92736     29.33%     98.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            5983      1.89%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20             210      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       316234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 76233372912                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat           148660629162                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat               19313935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    19735.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               38485.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       60.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       82.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   108.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   107.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                 1309493                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                2380728                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                33.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               45.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    295875.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   40.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy             24416516880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy             13322504250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy            18273184800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy           21424409280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        265864488240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        1826366271210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        840217272750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          3009884647410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           739.440692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1385855312003                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 135735340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2543291255497                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy             16777847520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              9154579500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy            11943165000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy           12766429440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        265864488240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        1613758454595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1026715357500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2956980321795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           726.443645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1696891330002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 135735340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2232255283498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    395574784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         395574784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    394058048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      394058048                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6180856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            6180856                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      6157157                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           6157157                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     97315092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             97315092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     96941961                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            96941961                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    194257053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           194257053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    6180856                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   6157157                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  6180856                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 6157157                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             227098432                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ              168476352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              317542976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              395574784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           394058048                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ               2632443                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts              1195558                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           398614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1           106110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2           191470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           399741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4           326054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5           179901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           276203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7           127833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8           183203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9           183516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10          349053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11          105738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           99729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13          196585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14          300759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          123904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           723922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1           128101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2           235098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           607847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4           461015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5           218639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           373087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7           163730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           237888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9           234663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10          468471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11          139425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12          119850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13          272875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14          397116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          179882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4064886390500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              6180856                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             6157157                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                3541427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   6916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     70                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 97307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 98486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                292146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                298480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                298403                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                298640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                298857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                298940                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                299096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                298944                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                298531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                297917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                297603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                297591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                297571                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                297547                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                297535                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                297534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      5061181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   107.611399                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    91.779638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev    76.057077                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127      3161340     62.46%     62.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255      1519865     30.03%     92.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383       294091      5.81%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        66836      1.32%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        13488      0.27%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2927      0.06%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          867      0.02%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          416      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1351      0.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      5061181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       297534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     11.926076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.932380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-15        266750     89.65%     89.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        30085     10.11%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-47          459      0.15%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-63          123      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-79           39      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::80-95           29      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::96-111           14      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::112-127            5      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-143            7      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::144-159            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::160-175            7      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::176-191            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::192-207            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::208-223            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       297534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       297534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.675772                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.648398                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.969522                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16          198908     66.85%     66.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             839      0.28%     67.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           93273     31.35%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            4386      1.47%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20             120      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       297534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 69931196893                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat           136463940643                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat               17742065000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    19707.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               38457.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       55.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       78.12                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    97.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    96.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.69                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                 1194023                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                2254809                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                33.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               45.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    329460.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   40.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy             21309175440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy             11627030250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy            15691353600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy           18903287520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        265864488240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        1779578566200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        881259119250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2994233020500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           735.595545                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1454205180503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 135735340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 2474941368247                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy             17031357000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              9292903125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy            12069080400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy           13316782320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        265864488240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        1607808353985                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1031934744000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2957317709070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           726.526532                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1705378274508                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 135735340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2223768629742                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8130283166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   50803405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     90230972                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             79620758                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19669179                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1420944                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6757364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    79620758                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19669179                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          162967816                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          59727121                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27234536                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14493370                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            60305073                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           24992981                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     21381140                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14363305                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7017835                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7899435108.838688                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              230848057.161312                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.028394                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.971606                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          9206833                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               258345      0.29%      0.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 59504669     65.95%     66.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  249211      0.28%     66.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   852489      0.94%     67.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7927474      8.79%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.06%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14363305     15.92%     92.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7017835      7.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  90231220                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8130285782                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  548947318                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    915314597                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            702535890                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             343426514                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   12853780                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     62207758                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   702535890                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    343426514                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1475845137                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         477632289                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           546441039                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          280645568                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           522272792                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          203459903                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    229173746                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  169052998                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  60120748                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5170943813.872260                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2959341968.127740                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.363990                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.636010                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         83755657                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1285101      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                532704547     58.20%     58.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1591866      0.17%     58.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  6009084      0.66%     59.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              144244768     15.76%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 305838      0.03%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               169052998     18.47%     93.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               60120748      6.57%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 915314998                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8127377009                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    5769103                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     11703016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             11471340                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 22504                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     288379                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       906195                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    11471340                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        22504                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           23033847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           9331776                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               36020                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              17506                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             6661345                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            3577976                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2703366                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1660145                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1043221                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              8082856423.677258                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              44520585.322741                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005478                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994522                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1299768                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               137871      1.18%      1.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  8785758     75.07%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   18351      0.16%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    41051      0.35%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  16782      0.14%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1660145     14.19%     91.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1043221      8.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  11703179                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8131892833                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  943457484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1583351064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1209606444                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             603858167                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   22137370                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts    105934802                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1209606444                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    603858167                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2575256855                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         826259267                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           958460289                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          496039663                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           889281999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          335765971                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    403964193                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  300845909                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                 103118284                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3115815547.710733                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5016077285.289267                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.616840                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.383160                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        143102235                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              2225211      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                913732415     57.71%     57.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2935558      0.19%     58.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 12840601      0.81%     58.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              246948944     15.60%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 704442      0.04%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               300845909     19.00%     93.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite              103118284      6.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1583351396                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9860                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9860                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               954                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              954                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1840                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1536                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7152                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   36262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          650                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1733                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5068                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10935                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1658                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10466                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2391                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    46208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              4074500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              5119477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8129000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3158455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3635104                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3556466                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3699853                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1399899                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             7005500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5433000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             6698500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             7944500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1523                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      6238208                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1523                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              102077580                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002105                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.139671                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   102047603     99.97%     99.97% |        3383      0.00%     99.97% |        4048      0.00%     99.98% |        8805      0.01%     99.99% |       10117      0.01%    100.00% |         314      0.00%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% |        1661      0.00%    100.00% |        1342      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                102077580                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5800600352                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000445                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5800599203    100.00%    100.00% |        1149      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5800600352                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5800600351                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.828301                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.039068                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        11.112135                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5795313037     99.91%     99.91% |     3289351      0.06%     99.97% |     1480322      0.03%     99.99% |      229087      0.00%    100.00% |      215340      0.00%    100.00% |       60219      0.00%    100.00% |        6478      0.00%    100.00% |        6186      0.00%    100.00% |         331      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5800600351                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5749561641                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5749561641    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5749561641                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     51038710                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    95.137272                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    77.912942                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.454970                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    45751396     89.64%     89.64% |     3289351      6.44%     96.09% |     1480322      2.90%     98.99% |      229087      0.45%     99.43% |      215340      0.42%     99.86% |       60219      0.12%     99.97% |        6478      0.01%     99.99% |        6186      0.01%    100.00% |         331      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     51038710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1732460                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     49306250                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     92122916                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       791143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     92914059                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1019581682                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      9619095                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1029200777                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      9947708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       367433                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     10315141                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1765824613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses     14930687                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1780755300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.048664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       791143                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2       525152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1057360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       791411                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      6329144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2     37810944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     76129920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6331288                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.591591                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2      9619095                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2      9399844                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9838143                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9618969                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2     76952760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2    676788768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    708346296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     76951752                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.022620                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       367433                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        80939                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       654650                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       368196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2      2939464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      5827608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     47134800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2945568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.918246                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2     14930687                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2     14760378                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4     15100135                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     14929861                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2    119445496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2   1062747216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1087209720                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    119438888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.364858                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      6125550                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      5897081                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24825                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5897105                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25577                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6125635                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     49004400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    424589832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1787400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    424591560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     49005080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.362403                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      6095231                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      5856196                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24645                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5856217                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25397                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6095255                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     48761848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    421646112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1774440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    421647624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       203176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48762040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.423869                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      7086064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      6856625                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24510                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6856659                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25262                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7086057                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     56688512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    493677000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1764720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    493679448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     56688456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.380897                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      6401513                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      6156411                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6156447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25169                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6401490                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     51212104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    443261592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1758024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    443264184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     51211920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.003044                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98397                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101405                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084584                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.311619                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2     25708358                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2     24766313                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98397                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4     25708358                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101405                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     25708437                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2    205666864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2   1783174536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1851001776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    205667496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        77125074                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           74298939                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     77420265                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     77438550                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        617000592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          5349523608                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5574259080                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    619508400                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.048659                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       791143                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       791411                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     56962296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6331288                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.048670                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       791143                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       525152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       266217                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      6329144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     37810944                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19167624                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.591596                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9619095                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9618969                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    692574840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     76951752                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.591586                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      9619095                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      9399844                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       219048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     76952760                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    676788768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15771456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022603                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       367433                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       368196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26455176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2945568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022638                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       367433                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        80939                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       287217                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2939464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5827608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20679624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.918267                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     14930687                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     14929861                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1075009464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    119438888                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.918224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     14930687                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     14760378                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169448                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2    119445496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2   1062747216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12200256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.364247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6125550                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5897081                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25577                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     49004400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    424589832                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.365470                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24825                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5897105                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6125635                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1787400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    424591560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     49005080                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.361796                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6095231                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      5856196                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25397                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     48761848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    421646112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       203176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.363010                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24645                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      5856217                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6095255                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1774440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    421647624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     48762040                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.423265                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      7086064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      6856625                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25262                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     56688512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    493677000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.424473                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24510                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6856659                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7086057                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1764720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    493679448                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     56688456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.380296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      6401513                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      6156411                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25169                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     51212104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    443261592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.381499                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      6156447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6401490                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1758024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    443264184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     51211920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005465                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98397                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084584                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101405                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811240                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.048659                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       791143                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       791411                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     56962296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      6331288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.591596                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9619095                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9618969                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    692574840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     76951752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.022603                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       367433                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       368196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26455176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2945568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.918267                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     14930687                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     14929861                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1075009464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    119438888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.364247                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      6125550                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      5897081                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25577                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     49004400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    424589832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.361796                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      6095231                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      5856196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25397                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     48761848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    421646112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       203176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.423265                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      7086064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      6856625                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25262                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     56688512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    493677000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.380296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      6401513                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      6156411                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25169                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     51212104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    443261592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.005465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98397                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      51038710                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000467                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.056058                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    51034845     99.99%     99.99% |         367      0.00%     99.99% |         371      0.00%     99.99% |        1744      0.00%    100.00% |        1337      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        51038710                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      51038870                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.003743                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.189389                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    51012758     99.95%     99.95% |        3016      0.01%     99.95% |        3677      0.01%     99.96% |        7061      0.01%     99.98% |        8780      0.02%     99.99% |         269      0.00%     99.99% |         126      0.00%     99.99% |         180      0.00%     99.99% |        1661      0.00%    100.00% |        1342      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        51038870                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    984244295                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.215968                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.148801                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     22.317620                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   980537715     99.62%     99.62% |     2281070      0.23%     99.86% |     1056651      0.11%     99.96% |      167351      0.02%     99.98% |      150218      0.02%     99.99% |       42025      0.00%    100.00% |        4664      0.00%    100.00% |        4368      0.00%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     984244295                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    953629091                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   953629091    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    953629091                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     30615204                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.389730                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.458335                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.204048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    26908624     87.89%     87.89% |     2281070      7.45%     95.34% |     1056651      3.45%     98.80% |      167351      0.55%     99.34% |      150218      0.49%     99.83% |       42025      0.14%     99.97% |        4664      0.02%     99.98% |        4368      0.01%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     30615204                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    338332251                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.904121                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.045731                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     11.295559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337959817     99.89%     99.89% |      261462      0.08%     99.97% |       79805      0.02%     99.99% |       14229      0.00%     99.99% |       12601      0.00%    100.00% |        3621      0.00%    100.00% |         324      0.00%    100.00% |         362      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     338332251                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    334780142                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   334780142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    334780142                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3552109                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    87.115979                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.748410                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.387273                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3179675     89.52%     89.52% |      261462      7.36%     96.88% |       79805      2.25%     99.12% |       14229      0.40%     99.52% |       12601      0.35%     99.88% |        3621      0.10%     99.98% |         324      0.01%     99.99% |         362      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3552109                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4471630813                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.296861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015868                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.255929                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4470431672     99.97%     99.97% |      740237      0.02%     99.99% |      342009      0.01%    100.00% |       47215      0.00%    100.00% |       52211      0.00%    100.00% |       14465      0.00%    100.00% |        1488      0.00%    100.00% |        1450      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4471630813                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4454812066                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4454812066    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4454812066                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     16818747                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.926969                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    65.745741                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.801983                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    15619606     92.87%     92.87% |      740237      4.40%     97.27% |      342009      2.03%     99.30% |       47215      0.28%     99.59% |       52211      0.31%     99.90% |       14465      0.09%     99.98% |        1488      0.01%     99.99% |        1450      0.01%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     16818747                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3063092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.249020                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.048401                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.620950                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3057562     99.82%     99.82% |        3627      0.12%     99.94% |        1404      0.05%     99.98% |         204      0.01%     99.99% |         216      0.01%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3063092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3032297                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3032297    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3032297                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30795                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.236499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.100369                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.356128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       25265     82.04%     82.04% |        3627     11.78%     93.82% |        1404      4.56%     98.38% |         204      0.66%     99.04% |         216      0.70%     99.74% |          70      0.23%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.98% |           5      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        30795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1664950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.306517                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.059877                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.900346                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1661321     99.78%     99.78% |        2955      0.18%     99.96% |         453      0.03%     99.99% |          88      0.01%     99.99% |          94      0.01%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1664950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1643095                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1643095    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1643095                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   100.532601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    83.943693                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.308668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       18226     83.40%     83.40% |        2955     13.52%     96.92% |         453      2.07%     98.99% |          88      0.40%     99.39% |          94      0.43%     99.82% |          38      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        21855                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1664950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1664950    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1664950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1664950                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1664950    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1664950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1732460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.931461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.898857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.940487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1732403    100.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1732460                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     49306250                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    96.866203                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    79.375101                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.116248                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    44018960     89.28%     89.28% |     3289335      6.67%     95.95% |     1480318      3.00%     98.95% |      229086      0.46%     99.41% |      215337      0.44%     99.85% |       60219      0.12%     99.97% |        6478      0.01%     99.99% |        6186      0.01%    100.00% |         331      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     49306250                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       306009                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.083007                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.048003                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.874121                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      305998    100.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       306009                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     30309195                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.978409                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.009999                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.352795                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    26602618     87.77%     87.77% |     2281068      7.53%     95.30% |     1056650      3.49%     98.78% |      167351      0.55%     99.34% |      150218      0.50%     99.83% |       42025      0.14%     99.97% |        4664      0.02%     99.98% |        4368      0.01%    100.00% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     30309195                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4872                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.018268                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.971422                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.113169                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2466     50.62%     50.62% |        2393     49.12%     99.73% |          13      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4872                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3547237                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    87.171052                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    70.788221                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.418937                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3174803     89.50%     89.50% |      261462      7.37%     96.87% |       79805      2.25%     99.12% |       14229      0.40%     99.52% |       12601      0.36%     99.88% |        3621      0.10%     99.98% |         324      0.01%     99.99% |         362      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3547237                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1409727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.898595                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.866569                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.955183                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1409681    100.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1409727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15409020                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    83.040128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.947517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.839370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    14209900     92.22%     92.22% |      740223      4.80%     97.02% |      342006      2.22%     99.24% |       47214      0.31%     99.55% |       52208      0.34%     99.89% |       14465      0.09%     99.98% |        1488      0.01%     99.99% |        1450      0.01%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     15409020                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.409584                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.391401                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.336437                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3032     91.38%     91.38% |         282      8.50%     99.88% |           4      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3318                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27477                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.876042                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.534206                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.445612                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       21947     79.87%     79.87% |        3627     13.20%     93.07% |        1404      5.11%     98.18% |         204      0.74%     98.93% |         216      0.79%     99.71% |          70      0.25%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           5      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        27477                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8534                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.508906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.490025                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.340480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7477     87.61%     87.61% |        1057     12.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         8534                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13321                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.783124                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.292540                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.191433                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9692     72.76%     72.76% |        2955     22.18%     94.94% |         453      3.40%     98.34% |          88      0.66%     99.00% |          94      0.71%     99.71% |          38      0.29%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13321                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     6125699     23.83%     23.83% |     6095373     23.71%     47.54% |     7086188     27.56%     75.10% |     6401613     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     25708873                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     5897078     23.81%     23.81% |     5856193     23.65%     47.46% |     6856625     27.69%     75.14% |     6156410     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     24766306                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           3     42.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       24825     25.23%     25.23% |       24645     25.05%     50.28% |       24510     24.91%     75.19% |       24417     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        98397                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     5921829     23.82%     23.82% |     5880822     23.65%     47.47% |     6881147     27.67%     75.14% |     6180856     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     24864654                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     5897822     23.81%     23.81% |     5856940     23.65%     47.46% |     6857372     27.68%     75.14% |     6157157     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     24769291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     5897105     23.81%     23.81% |     5856217     23.65%     47.46% |     6856659     27.69%     75.14% |     6156447     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     24766428                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       24724     25.17%     25.17% |       24605     25.05%     50.22% |       24488     24.93%     75.15% |       24409     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        98226                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         744     24.92%     24.92% |         747     25.03%     49.95% |         747     25.03%     74.97% |         747     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      228445     24.25%     24.25% |      239014     25.37%     49.63% |      229405     24.35%     73.98% |      245066     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       941930                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     5896969     23.81%     23.81% |     5856148     23.65%     47.46% |     6856598     27.69%     75.14% |     6156397     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     24766112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           3     42.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         101     59.06%     59.06% |          40     23.39%     82.46% |          22     12.87%     95.32% |           8      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          171                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |           8     34.78%     34.78% |           5     21.74%     56.52% |           5     21.74%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           23                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |         101     59.06%     59.06% |          40     23.39%     82.46% |          22     12.87%     95.32% |           8      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total          171                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |           8     34.78%     34.78% |           5     21.74%     56.52% |           5     21.74%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total           23                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |           8     34.78%     34.78% |           5     21.74%     56.52% |           5     21.74%     78.26% |           5     21.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           23                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         101     59.06%     59.06% |          40     23.39%     82.46% |          22     12.87%     95.32% |           8      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          171                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |         147     28.77%     28.77% |         142     27.79%     56.56% |         122     23.87%     80.43% |         100     19.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          511                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     5897105     23.81%     23.81% |     5856217     23.65%     47.46% |     6856659     27.69%     75.14% |     6156447     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     24766428                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     5896969     23.81%     23.81% |     5856148     23.65%     47.46% |     6856598     27.69%     75.14% |     6156397     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     24766112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       24724     25.17%     25.17% |       24605     25.05%     50.22% |       24488     24.93%     75.15% |       24409     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        98226                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         744     24.92%     24.92% |         747     25.03%     49.95% |         747     25.03%     74.97% |         747     25.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2985                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       98397    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        98397                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       98397    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          98397                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       98397    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        98397                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       98397    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        98397                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    14173321      2.87%      2.87% |   172250811     34.88%     37.75% |     1562152      0.32%     38.06% |   305893930     61.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    493880214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    71528737      3.19%      3.19% |   795915351     35.44%     38.63% |     7609807      0.34%     38.97% |  1370518185     61.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2245572080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7212001      4.15%      4.15% |    61034615     35.13%     39.28% |     1143182      0.66%     39.94% |   104343185     60.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    173732983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      791143      3.08%      3.08% |     9619095     37.42%     40.49% |      367433      1.43%     41.92% |    14930687     58.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     25708358                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      266217     28.26%     28.26% |      219048     23.26%     51.52% |      287217     30.49%     82.01% |      169448     17.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       941930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          84     21.65%     21.65% |         154     39.69%     61.34% |          80     20.62%     81.96% |          70     18.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      559357      2.25%      2.25% |     9439261     37.89%     40.14% |      112717      0.45%     40.59% |    14799342     59.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     24910677                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      525151      2.12%      2.12% |     9399843     37.95%     40.07% |       80937      0.33%     40.40% |    14760375     59.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     24766306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      266098      1.73%      1.73% |     5532766     35.97%     37.70% |       86030      0.56%     38.26% |     9497112     61.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     15382006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      464737      5.47%      5.47% |     3397052     39.96%     45.42% |      265730      3.13%     48.55% |     4374166     51.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      8501685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       60308      3.31%      3.31% |      689277     37.78%     41.08% |       15673      0.86%     41.94% |     1059409     58.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1824667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       34247     23.69%     23.69% |       39494     27.32%     51.01% |       31818     22.01%     73.02% |       38999     26.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       144558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    13907223      2.91%      2.91% |   166718045     34.84%     37.75% |     1476122      0.31%     38.06% |   296396818     61.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    478498208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    71064000      3.18%      3.18% |   792518299     35.43%     38.60% |     7344077      0.33%     38.93% |  1366144019     61.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   2237070395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7151693      4.16%      4.16% |    60345338     35.10%     39.26% |     1127509      0.66%     39.92% |   103283776     60.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    171908316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      266216     28.26%     28.26% |      219047     23.26%     51.52% |      287215     30.49%     82.01% |      169445     17.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       941923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          42     21.65%     21.65% |          77     39.69%     61.34% |          40     20.62%     81.96% |          35     18.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      525110      2.12%      2.12% |     9399767     37.95%     40.07% |       80899      0.33%     40.40% |    14760343     59.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     24766119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           1     14.29%     28.57% |           2     28.57%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          42     21.65%     21.65% |          77     39.69%     61.34% |          40     20.62%     81.96% |          35     18.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total          194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      525151      2.12%      2.12% |     9399843     37.95%     40.07% |       80937      0.33%     40.40% |    14760375     59.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     24766306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      730835      3.06%      3.06% |     8929818     37.39%     40.45% |      351760      1.47%     41.92% |    13871278     58.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     23883691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       60308      3.31%      3.31% |      689277     37.78%     41.08% |       15673      0.86%     41.94% |     1059409     58.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      1824667                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
