
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.037692                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4037692023000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55277904975501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 142454                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   242641                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284488716                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1871416                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14192.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2021819889                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3443757614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    258939008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         258939008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    259025280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      259025280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4045922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            4045922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4047270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           4047270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64130450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             64130450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64151817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            64151817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    128282267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           128282267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    4045922                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   4047270                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  4045922                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 4047270                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             228018752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               30920256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              249896064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              258939008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           259025280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                483129                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts               142646                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           942806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           261574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            97086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            45718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           154017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            77757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           317078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            71794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            86651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           112355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          399159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           51313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          157289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          238902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          342319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          206975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0          1057509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           277585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           100570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            46942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           171330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            82260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           367434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            75072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            95133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           120556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          432243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           57388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          170914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          257042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          373643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          219005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4037691973500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              4045922                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             4047270                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                3556545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 24829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 26008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                236309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                241256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                241519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                241263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                241585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                241824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                241591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                241768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                241258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                240850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                240737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                240714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                240704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                240682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                240679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                240677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2791306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.215602                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   126.169137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.075160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1232627     44.16%     44.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       923722     33.09%     77.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       340018     12.18%     89.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       138739      4.97%     94.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        67968      2.43%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        35457      1.27%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        20823      0.75%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12763      0.46%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        19189      0.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2791306                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       240672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.803529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.746747                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            467      0.19%      0.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           2988      1.24%      1.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         19728      8.20%      9.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       104831     43.56%     53.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       110120     45.76%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1006      0.42%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          264      0.11%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          111      0.05%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          118      0.05%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           87      0.04%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           69      0.03%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           50      0.02%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           58      0.02%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           69      0.03%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59          120      0.05%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63          196      0.08%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67          238      0.10%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71          120      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           21      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       240672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       240672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.223848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.211386                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.658898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          214913     89.30%     89.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             471      0.20%     89.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           22760      9.46%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2298      0.95%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             181      0.08%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              34      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              11      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       240672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 58714261675                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           125516630425                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               17813965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16479.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35229.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       56.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       61.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    64.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    64.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 2091222                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                2584892                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                58.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               66.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    498899.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             11695637520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              6381548250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            15426637200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           14182419600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        264050963280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1396023257700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1201051699500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2908812163050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           719.518136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1988558261250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134827420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1914307752250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              9560096280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5216322375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            12524382000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           11253155040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        264050963280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        998515450440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1549742742750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2850863112165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           705.183976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2571319114004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134827420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1331546504746                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    243205248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         243205248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    243291392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      243291392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3800082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3800082                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3801428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           3801428                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     60233729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             60233729                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     60255064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            60255064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    120488793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           120488793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    3800082                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   3801428                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  3800082                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 3801428                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             212878720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               30326528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              235369088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              243205248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           243291392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                473852                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts               123777                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           844447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           248121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            80033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            44587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           143193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            72731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           286622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           105508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            82310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           101545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          333418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           52263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          163472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          234800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          317019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          216161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           940364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           265265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            84434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            46869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           161261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            76394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           339536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           112184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            93103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           106676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          367128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           59182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          182626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          255495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          360727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          226398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4037692096500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              3800082                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             3801428                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                3320811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 24752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 25939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                222967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                227079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                227372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                227152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                227348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                227489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                227484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                227031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                227026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                226705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                226531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                226504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                226502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                226485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                226474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                226473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2585282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.384567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   127.456727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   164.795228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1141351     44.15%     44.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       827241     32.00%     76.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       336131     13.00%     89.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       136978      5.30%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        61599      2.38%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        33416      1.29%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19398      0.75%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        10965      0.42%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18203      0.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2585282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       226473                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.687058                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.772720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            470      0.21%      0.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           3330      1.47%      1.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         19218      8.49%     10.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       102170     45.11%     55.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        99056     43.74%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          810      0.36%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          181      0.08%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          115      0.05%     99.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           84      0.04%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           66      0.03%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           69      0.03%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           61      0.03%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           96      0.04%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55          108      0.05%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59          173      0.08%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63          155      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67          196      0.09%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71           83      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           23      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       226473                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       226473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.238766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.225549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.678454                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          200694     88.62%     88.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             438      0.19%     88.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           22582      9.97%     98.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2609      1.15%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             121      0.05%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              21      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               7      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       226473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 54047960192                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           116414772692                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               16631150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16249.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               34999.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       52.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       58.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    60.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    60.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1958492                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                2460103                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                58.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    531169.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   63.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             10804736880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              5895441750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            14312937600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           13193383680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        264050963280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1348710030360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1242554514750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2899522008300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           717.220146                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2057838674003                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134827420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1845026503497                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              8887006800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              4849061250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11788920000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           10767446640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        264050963280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        945519360435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1596230541000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2842093299405                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           703.014692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2649009843250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134827420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1253853228750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8075071015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19869620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     35369326                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29952922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     634863                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2106690                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29952922                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           57898903                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22854455                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14586250                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10672239                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7924767                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5862309                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2062458                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7980190892.040236                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              94880122.959763                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.011750                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.988250                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2904305                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               134249      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 23434443     66.26%     66.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  215113      0.61%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    42591      0.12%     67.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.23%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5862309     16.57%     94.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2062458      5.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  35369382                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8077962166                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994148423                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3392249443                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756907891                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49916549                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199788781                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756907891                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216988316                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2052067915                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288319220                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039154557                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738098019                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571724807                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166373212                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              74356870.348389                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              8003605295.651611                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.990795                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.009205                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261111600                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1507662      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188773396     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24040853      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210301      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571724807     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166373212      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3392249596                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8072001264                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2884602                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6221165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6083630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     170769                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       439378                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6083630                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12357642                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5050512                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3513205                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1847940                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1479043                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     921278                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    557765                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              8038795008.948544                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              33206255.051457                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.004114                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.995886                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           665499                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               117045      1.88%      1.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4571170     73.48%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12633      0.20%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    41280      0.66%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  921278     14.81%     91.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 557765      8.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6221171                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8075066271                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3531169                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7361172                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7217193                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     190553                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       538102                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7217193                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14652973                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5955599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4121828                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2255626                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1739069                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1079996                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    659073                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8044655599.741544                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              30410671.258457                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003766                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996234                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           792583                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               114632      1.56%      1.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5448981     74.02%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   16623      0.23%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    40500      0.55%     76.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1079996     14.67%     91.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 659073      8.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7361261                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4170                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4170                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2074                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2042                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4182                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4092                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4127                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4114                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4084                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4217                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               166500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                25996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              113000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2306994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2301981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2192998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2530998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               11996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1617500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1557500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1551500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1722500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17121591                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002092                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.134288                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    17116469     99.97%     99.97% |         570      0.00%     99.97% |         591      0.00%     99.98% |        1306      0.01%     99.98% |        2256      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17121591                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3590734925                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000251                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3590734698    100.00%    100.00% |         227      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3590734925                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3590734925                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.272140                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.011035                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         6.721931                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3590210007     99.99%     99.99% |      452960      0.01%    100.00% |       68454      0.00%    100.00% |        3223      0.00%    100.00% |         280      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3590734925                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3582174101                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3582174101    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3582174101                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8560824                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.145930                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    99.787620                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.160936                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     8035906     93.87%     93.87% |      452960      5.29%     99.16% |       68454      0.80%     99.96% |        3223      0.04%    100.00% |         280      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8560824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       714909                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      7845915                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     35300562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       344739                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     35645301                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits   3535679985                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      7667087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   3543347072                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5048941                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       263023                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5311964                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6144613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       285975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6430588                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.021347                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       344739                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2       116771                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       572768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       344805                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2757912                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      8407512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41239296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2758440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.474704                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2      7667087                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2      7631767                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7701884                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7666580                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2     61336696                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2    549487224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    554535648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     61332640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.016308                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       263023                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        36670                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       490096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       263743                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2      2104184                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      2640240                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     35286912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2109944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.017696                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       285975                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2        60628                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       510985                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       285639                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      2287800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      4365216                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     36790920                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2285112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.252613                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      4384537                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      4045841                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4045876                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4384517                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     35076296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    291300552                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    291303072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     35076136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.237624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      4176287                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      3799995                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3800039                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4176250                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     33410296                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    273599640                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    273602808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     33410000                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.127539                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2      8560824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2      7845836                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      8560824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8560767                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2     68486592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2    564900192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    616379328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     68486136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        25682472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           23537508                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     25682754                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     25699863                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        205459776                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          1694700576                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1849158288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    205598904                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021345                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       344739                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       344805                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     24821208                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2758440                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021348                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       344739                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       116771                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       228029                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2757912                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      8407512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16418088                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.474717                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7667087                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7666580                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    552030264                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     61332640                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.474691                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      7667087                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      7631767                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        34797                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     61336696                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    549487224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2505384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016290                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       263023                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       263743                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18937656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2109944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016326                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       263023                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        36670                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       227073                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2104184                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2640240                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16349256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017705                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       285975                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       285639                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20590200                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2285112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017688                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       285975                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        60628                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       225010                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2287800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      4365216                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16200720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.252611                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4384537                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      4045841                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     35076296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    291300552                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.252615                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           51                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4045876                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4384517                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    291303072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     35076136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.237622                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4176287                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3799995                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     33410296                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    273599640                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.237626                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3800039                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4176250                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    273602808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     33410000                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000018                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021345                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       344739                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       344805                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     24821208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2758440                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.474717                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7667087                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7666580                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    552030264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     61332640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.016290                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       263023                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       263743                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18937656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2109944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.017705                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       285975                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       285639                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20590200                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2285112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.252611                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      4384537                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      4045841                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1491                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     35076296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    291300552                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.237622                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      4176287                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      3799995                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     33410296                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    273599640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11864                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8560824                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000309                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.046985                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8560427    100.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |         205      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8560824                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       8560767                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.003874                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.183991                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     8556042     99.94%     99.94% |         541      0.01%     99.95% |         568      0.01%     99.96% |        1170      0.01%     99.97% |        2051      0.02%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         8560767                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573630708                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.633880                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.024914                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.399032                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573212469     99.93%     99.93% |      214378      0.04%     99.96% |      147641      0.03%     99.99% |       29188      0.01%    100.00% |       20359      0.00%    100.00% |        5424      0.00%    100.00% |         588      0.00%    100.00% |         566      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573630708                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    570601465                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   570601465    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    570601465                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3029243                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.034216                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.643389                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.394599                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2611004     86.19%     86.19% |      214378      7.08%     93.27% |      147641      4.87%     98.14% |       29188      0.96%     99.11% |       20359      0.67%     99.78% |        5424      0.18%     99.96% |         588      0.02%     99.98% |         566      0.02%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3029243                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169513625                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.538065                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.062539                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.102146                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169360918     99.91%     99.91% |      131964      0.08%     99.99% |       19699      0.01%    100.00% |         950      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169513625                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    167304719                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   167304719    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    167304719                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2208906                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.032657                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.128312                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.403890                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2056199     93.09%     93.09% |      131964      5.97%     99.06% |       19699      0.89%     99.95% |         950      0.04%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2208906                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2841489053                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.123048                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005252                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.411512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2841059535     99.98%     99.98% |      262732      0.01%     99.99% |      122869      0.00%    100.00% |       19987      0.00%    100.00% |       17637      0.00%    100.00% |        5093      0.00%    100.00% |         557      0.00%    100.00% |         553      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2841489053                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2838191970                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2838191970    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2838191970                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3297083                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.045284                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    91.363847                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.429077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2867565     86.97%     86.97% |      262732      7.97%     94.94% |      122869      3.73%     98.67% |       19987      0.61%     99.27% |       17637      0.53%     99.81% |        5093      0.15%     99.96% |         557      0.02%     99.98% |         553      0.02%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3297083                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5832211                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.431533                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.695335                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5829028     99.95%     99.95% |        1892      0.03%     99.98% |         945      0.02%     99.99% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5832211                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5812864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5812864    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5812864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.086783                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.928452                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.983004                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       16164     83.55%     83.55% |        1892      9.78%     93.33% |         945      4.88%     98.21% |         139      0.72%     98.93% |         152      0.79%     99.72% |          47      0.24%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           4      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        19347                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       134664                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.127354                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.234680                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.285673                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      133056     98.81%     98.81% |        1335      0.99%     99.80% |         198      0.15%     99.94% |          29      0.02%     99.97% |          39      0.03%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       134664                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       128419                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      128419    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       128419                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6245                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.563651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    94.238953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.805406                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4637     74.25%     74.25% |        1335     21.38%     95.63% |         198      3.17%     98.80% |          29      0.46%     99.26% |          39      0.62%     99.89% |           4      0.06%     99.95% |           1      0.02%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6245                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       134664                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       134664                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       134664                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       134664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       714909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.953243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.921732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.770324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      714895    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       714909                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7845915                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.450672                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.099875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.588889                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     7320999     93.31%     93.31% |      452958      5.77%     99.08% |       68454      0.87%     99.96% |        3223      0.04%    100.00% |         280      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7845915                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       119507                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.171739                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.131920                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.158989                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      119493     99.99%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       119507                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2909736                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.108924                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.300337                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.474841                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2491501     85.63%     85.63% |      214376      7.37%     92.99% |      147639      5.07%     98.07% |       29188      1.00%     99.07% |       20359      0.70%     99.77% |        5424      0.19%     99.96% |         588      0.02%     99.98% |         566      0.02%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2909736                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2454                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.363896                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.321771                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.988967                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1011     41.20%     41.20% |        1443     58.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2454                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2206452                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.112366                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.221683                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.410990                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2053745     93.08%     93.08% |      131964      5.98%     99.06% |       19699      0.89%     99.95% |         950      0.04%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2206452                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       590644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.905485                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.875852                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.675428                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      457485     77.46%     77.46% |      133159     22.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       590644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2706439                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.388225                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.186335                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.856566                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2276921     84.13%     84.13% |      262732      9.71%     93.84% |      122869      4.54%     98.38% |       19987      0.74%     99.12% |       17637      0.65%     99.77% |        5093      0.19%     99.96% |         557      0.02%     99.98% |         553      0.02%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2706439                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1058                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.149338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.143396                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.752419                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1020     96.41%     96.41% |          38      3.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1058                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18289                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.058177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.664567                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.270806                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       15106     82.60%     82.60% |        1892     10.35%     92.94% |         945      5.17%     98.11% |         139      0.76%     98.87% |         152      0.83%     99.70% |          47      0.26%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           4      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        18289                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1246                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.540128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.519873                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.390008                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1081     86.76%     86.76% |         165     13.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1246                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4999                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.020004                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.979782                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.052125                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3391     67.83%     67.83% |        1335     26.71%     94.54% |         198      3.96%     98.50% |          29      0.58%     99.08% |          39      0.78%     99.86% |           4      0.08%     99.94% |           1      0.02%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4999                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     4384613     51.22%     51.22% |     4176325     48.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      8560938                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     4045840     51.57%     51.57% |     3799995     48.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      7845835                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          51     54.26%     54.26% |          43     45.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     4045922     51.57%     51.57% |     3800082     48.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      7846004                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     4047270     51.57%     51.57% |     3801428     48.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      7848698                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     4045876     51.57%     51.57% |     3800039     48.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      7845915                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          46     51.69%     51.69% |          43     48.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1430     49.95%     49.95% |        1433     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2863                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      338661     47.37%     47.37% |      376248     52.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       714909                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     4045825     51.57%     51.57% |     3799988     48.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      7845813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          10     58.82%     58.82% |           7     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |          10     58.82%     58.82% |           7     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          10     58.82%     58.82% |           7     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          76     66.67%     66.67% |          38     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          114                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     4045876     51.57%     51.57% |     3800039     48.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      7845915                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     4045825     51.57%     51.57% |     3799988     48.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      7845813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          46     51.69%     51.69% |          43     48.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1430     49.95%     49.95% |        1433     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2863                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5728326      1.00%      1.00% |   566037827     98.68%     99.67% |      854958      0.15%     99.82% |     1009597      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    573630708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27719594      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219830272    100.00%    100.00% |     3833737      0.00%    100.00% |     4690083      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072256073728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2197381      1.25%      1.25% |   172063606     97.98%     99.23% |      623269      0.35%     99.58% |      730908      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    175615164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      344739      4.03%      4.03% |     7667087     89.56%     93.59% |      263023      3.07%     96.66% |      285975      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      8560824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      228029     31.90%     31.90% |       34797      4.87%     36.76% |      227073     31.76%     68.53% |      225010     31.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       714909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          10     22.73%     22.73% |          32     72.73%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           2      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      144437      1.82%      1.82% |     7642690     96.41%     98.24% |       56928      0.72%     98.95% |       82918      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      7926973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      116770      1.49%      1.49% |     7631767     97.27%     98.76% |       36670      0.47%     99.23% |       60628      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      7845835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       79692      2.63%      2.63% |     2826186     93.30%     95.93% |       56578      1.87%     97.80% |       66787      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3029243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      234970      7.13%      7.13% |     2649201     80.35%     87.48% |      202621      6.15%     93.62% |      210291      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      3297083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       30077      1.35%      1.35% |     2191700     98.08%     99.43% |        3824      0.17%     99.60% |        8897      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2234498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       27671     34.09%     34.09% |       10939     13.48%     47.57% |       20258     24.96%     72.53% |       22291     27.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        81159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     5648634      0.99%      0.99% |   563211641     98.70%     99.69% |      798380      0.14%     99.83% |      942810      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    570601465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    27484624      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072217180160    100.00%    100.00% |     3631116      0.00%    100.00% |     4479792      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072252774400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     2167304      1.25%      1.25% |   169871906     97.98%     99.23% |      619445      0.36%     99.58% |      722011      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    173380666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      228028     31.90%     31.90% |       34797      4.87%     36.76% |      227073     31.76%     68.53% |      225010     31.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       714908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           5     22.73%     22.73% |          16     72.73%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      116766      1.49%      1.49% |     7631751     97.27%     98.76% |       36670      0.47%     99.23% |       60627      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      7845814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           5     22.73%     22.73% |          16     72.73%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      116770      1.49%      1.49% |     7631767     97.27%     98.76% |       36670      0.47%     99.23% |       60628      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      7845835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      314662      4.97%      4.97% |     5475387     86.55%     91.52% |      259199      4.10%     95.62% |      277078      4.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6326326                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       30077      1.35%      1.35% |     2191700     98.08%     99.43% |        3824      0.17%     99.60% |        8897      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      2234498                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.058535                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4058534944500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55298747897001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 142258                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   242414                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284430521                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2132536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14268.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2029874564                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3459001992                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    264547712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         264547712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    264634112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      264634112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4133558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            4133558                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4134908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           4134908                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     65183056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             65183056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     65204345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            65204345                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130387401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           130387401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    4133558                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   4134908                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  4133558                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 4134908                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             233205952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               31341760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              255400960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              264547712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           264634112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                489715                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts               144262                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           949610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           265699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           102895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            49297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           158159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            81489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           321973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            77369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            92680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           117781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          405993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           56629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          161703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          242834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          347720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          212012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0          1065051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           282006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           106816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            50683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           175865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            86132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           372734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            80865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           101508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           126271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          439679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           63052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          175488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          261059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          379262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          224169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4058534895000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              4133558                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             4134908                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                3633047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 25375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 26605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                241040                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                246556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                246879                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                246637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                246956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                247216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                246961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                247133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                246614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                246206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                246088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                246037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                246021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                245985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                245976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                245973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2883879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.427158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   124.900472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   162.989286                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1293381     44.85%     44.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       946908     32.83%     77.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       344948     11.96%     89.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       140552      4.87%     94.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        68843      2.39%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        35816      1.24%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        21058      0.73%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12924      0.45%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        19449      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2883879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       245968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.814285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.739705                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            484      0.20%      0.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           3078      1.25%      1.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         20122      8.18%      9.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       106865     43.45%     53.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       112528     45.75%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1260      0.51%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          324      0.13%     99.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          138      0.06%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          124      0.05%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           90      0.04%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           69      0.03%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           53      0.02%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           58      0.02%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           69      0.03%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59          120      0.05%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63          196      0.08%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67          238      0.10%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71          120      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           21      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::92-95            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       245968                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       245968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.224224                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.211731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.659736                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          219612     89.28%     89.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             496      0.20%     89.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           23232      9.45%     98.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2390      0.97%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             188      0.08%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              35      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              11      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       245968                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 60337907078                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           128659963328                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               18219215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16558.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35308.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       57.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       62.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    65.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    65.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.42                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 2130150                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                2620459                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                58.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    490844.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             12033236880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              6565754250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            15728200800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           14451080400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        265412378400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1407692413980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1203321856500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2925204921210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           719.861502                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1992265603751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 135523440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1930747868249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              9922424400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5414021250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            12855016200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           11541981600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        265412378400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1010452381605                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1551778025250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2867376228705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           705.630482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2574634318506                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 135523440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1348378837744                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    248551232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         248551232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    248636992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      248636992                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3883613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3883613                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3884953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           3884953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     61241614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             61241614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     61262745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            61262745                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    122504360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           122504360                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    3883613                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   3884953                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  3883613                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 3884953                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             217899520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               30651712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              240643328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              248551232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           248636992                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                478933                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts               124891                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           850945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           252015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            85613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            48316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           147114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            76377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           291295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           110945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            88058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           106818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          340014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           57424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          167966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          238563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          322212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          221005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           947371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           269351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            90228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            50717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           165609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            80252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           344564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           117788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            99151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           112222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          374230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           64528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          187310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          259335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          366076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          231320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4058535015000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              3883613                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             3884953                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                3394915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   9584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 25237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 26460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                227530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                232192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                232509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                232298                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                232486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                232642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                232633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                232172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                232162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                231834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                231649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                231614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                231606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                231577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                231557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                231554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2672640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.569349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   126.155112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.758497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1198288     44.84%     44.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       848945     31.76%     76.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       341017     12.76%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       138876      5.20%     94.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        62482      2.34%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        33806      1.26%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        19619      0.73%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11134      0.42%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        18473      0.69%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2672640                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       231554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.703572                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.767805                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            489      0.21%      0.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           3436      1.48%      1.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         19544      8.44%     10.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       103973     44.90%     55.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       101530     43.85%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1049      0.45%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          254      0.11%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          141      0.06%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35           92      0.04%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           70      0.03%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           71      0.03%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           62      0.03%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           96      0.04%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55          108      0.05%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59          173      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63          155      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67          196      0.08%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71           83      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           23      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-99            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       231554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       231554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.238337                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.225129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.678304                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          205254     88.64%     88.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             461      0.20%     88.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           23001      9.93%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2676      1.16%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             131      0.06%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              21      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       231554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 55599852074                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           119437602074                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               17023400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16330.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35080.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       53.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       59.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    61.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    61.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.37                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1996884                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                2495212                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                58.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    522430.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             11122453440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              6068799000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            14604525000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           13449816720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        265412378400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1360369649115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1244833053750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2915860675425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           717.561984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2061559791253                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 135523440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1861452921747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              9229739400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5036068125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            12109273800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           11045030400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        265412378400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        957366231030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1598344824000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2858543545155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           703.456854                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2652456615000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 135523440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1270554294500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8115025049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   20875692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     37297748                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             31820009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8404740                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     682988                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2241226                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    31820009                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8404740                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           61712937                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          24374764                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14073169                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7478568                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            15516491                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           11308903                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8371987                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6151784                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2220203                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              8012012264.366452                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              103012784.633548                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.012694                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.987306                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3102822                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               144779      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 24899856     66.76%     67.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  215911      0.58%     67.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    43076      0.12%     67.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3622325      9.71%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6151784     16.49%     94.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2220203      5.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  37297934                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8116923715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1996363650                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3396447568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2761029959                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010097201                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49999778                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    200114522                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2761029959                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010097201                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5225190251                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2055379167                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701912854                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899772561                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1290491466                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1040615092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    739029094                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  572283013                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166746081                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              100166548.152012                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              8016757166.847988                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.987660                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.012340                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261568557                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1525924      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2192011625     64.54%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24042924      0.71%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   212477      0.01%     65.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439625877     12.94%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               572283013     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166746081      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3396447953                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8114738677                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    5777355                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     11688349                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             11472918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 31324                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     283821                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       853297                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    11472918                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        31324                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           23220519                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           9322079                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               50610                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              24590                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             6302668                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            3525361                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2767326                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1669657                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   1097669                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              8062317822.532863                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              52420854.467137                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.006460                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.993540                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          1258662                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               140613      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  8698632     74.42%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   15047      0.13%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    43452      0.37%     76.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  23478      0.20%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1669657     14.28%     90.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                1097669      9.39%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  11688564                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8118631053                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5471792                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11011819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             10799893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  6836                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     273677                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       823395                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    10799893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         6836                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           21901398                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8836379                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               10860                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               5278                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6122657                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3525164                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2595321                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1605035                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    990286                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8071590572.400064                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              47040480.599935                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005794                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994206                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1187515                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               135064      1.23%      1.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8214164     74.59%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   19512      0.18%     76.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    43384      0.39%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   4693      0.04%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1605035     14.58%     91.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 990286      8.99%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11012170                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6406                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6406                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                8323                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               8323                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               896                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              896                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   31250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10143                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1602                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9834                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3452                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1657                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10237                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          985                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         5076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9495                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    43165                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               246000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              5200980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             7838500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3229492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3265473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3157487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3475993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1280994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             6694000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5917500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             6140500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             4937500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               34885346                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.004301                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.186643                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    34865431     99.94%     99.94% |        9228      0.03%     99.97% |        9480      0.03%    100.00% |         351      0.00%    100.00% |         854      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 34885346                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7195650581                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000411                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7195649363    100.00%    100.00% |        1218      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7195650581                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7195650581                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.275670                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.011208                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         6.759722                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7194588861     99.99%     99.99% |      916113      0.01%    100.00% |      138503      0.00%    100.00% |        6539      0.00%    100.00% |         563      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7195650581                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7178207788                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7178207788    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7178207788                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17442793                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.721911                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    99.291842                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.127761                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    16381073     93.91%     93.91% |      916113      5.25%     99.17% |      138503      0.79%     99.96% |        6539      0.04%    100.00% |         563      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     17442793                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1579796                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     15862997                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     36987835                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       400228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     37388063                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits   3539437605                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      7749165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   3547186770                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits     10134761                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       350450                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     10485211                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      9473486                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       382126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      9855612                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.024660                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       400228                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2       133039                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       667626                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       400442                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      3201824                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      9578808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     48069072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3203536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.477333                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2      7749165                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2      7678004                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7820166                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7749022                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2     61993320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2    552816288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    563051952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     61992176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.021606                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       350450                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        87275                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       614221                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       351047                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2      2803600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      6283800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     44223912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2808376                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.023512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       382126                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2       118557                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       644843                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       381275                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      3057008                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      8536104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46428696                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3050200                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.257219                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      4554453                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      4133417                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4133512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4554375                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     36435624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    297606024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    297612864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     36435000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.241964                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      4327516                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      3883458                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3883570                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4327411                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     34620128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    279608976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    279617040                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     34619288                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.130789                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2      8881969                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2      8016875                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      8881969                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8881786                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2     71055752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2    577215000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    639501768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     71054288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        26645907                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           24050625                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     26646195                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     26663694                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        213167256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          1731645000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1918526040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    213309552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024655                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       400228                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       400442                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28816416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3203536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024665                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       400228                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       133039                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       267398                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3201824                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      9578808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19252656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.477337                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7749165                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7749022                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    557939880                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     61992176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.477329                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      7749165                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      7678004                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        71001                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     61993320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    552816288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5112072                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021591                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       350450                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       351047                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25232400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2808376                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021620                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       350450                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        87275                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       263771                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2803600                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      6283800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18991512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023533                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       382126                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       381275                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27513072                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3050200                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023491                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       382126                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       118557                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       262717                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3057008                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      8536104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18915624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.257216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4554453                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      4133417                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     36435624                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    297606024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.257223                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           53                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4133512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4554375                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    297612864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     36435000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.241960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4327516                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      3883458                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     34620128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    279608976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.241968                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3883570                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4327411                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    279617040                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     34619288                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000019                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024655                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       400228                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       400442                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28816416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3203536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.477337                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7749165                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7749022                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    557939880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     61992176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.021591                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       350450                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       351047                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25232400                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2808376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.023533                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       382126                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       381275                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27513072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3050200                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.257216                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      4554453                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      4133417                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1557                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     36435624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    297606024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.241960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      4327516                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      3883458                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1547                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     34620128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    279608976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      17442793                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000561                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.060877                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    17441104     99.99%     99.99% |         259      0.00%     99.99% |         306      0.00%     99.99% |         485      0.00%    100.00% |         629      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        17442793                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      17442553                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.008041                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.256783                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    17424068     99.89%     99.89% |        8437      0.05%     99.94% |        8841      0.05%     99.99% |         351      0.00%    100.00% |         854      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        17442553                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1149297621                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.642479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.025283                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.466490                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1148438576     99.93%     99.93% |      446056      0.04%     99.96% |      299131      0.03%     99.99% |       59028      0.01%    100.00% |       41273      0.00%    100.00% |       11018      0.00%    100.00% |        1197      0.00%    100.00% |        1150      0.00%    100.00% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1149297621                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1143136468                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1143136468    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1143136468                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6161153                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.847672                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.395169                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.412009                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5302108     86.06%     86.06% |      446056      7.24%     93.30% |      299131      4.86%     98.15% |       59028      0.96%     99.11% |       41273      0.67%     99.78% |       11018      0.18%     99.96% |        1197      0.02%     99.98% |        1150      0.02%    100.00% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6161153                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    340387950                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.544787                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.062795                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.137914                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   340080168     99.91%     99.91% |      265992      0.08%     99.99% |       39680      0.01%    100.00% |        1921      0.00%    100.00% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     340387950                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    335935399                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   335935399    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    335935399                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4452551                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.095678                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.200939                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.392164                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     4144769     93.09%     93.09% |      265992      5.97%     99.06% |       39680      0.89%     99.95% |        1921      0.04%    100.00% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4452551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5693619497                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.125105                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005372                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.439425                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5692743766     99.98%     99.98% |      538143      0.01%     99.99% |      248730      0.00%    100.00% |       40407      0.00%    100.00% |       35710      0.00%    100.00% |       10309      0.00%    100.00% |        1130      0.00%    100.00% |        1122      0.00%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5693619497                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5686849114                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5686849114    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5686849114                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6770383                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.208614                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    90.484568                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.285681                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     5894652     87.07%     87.07% |      538143      7.95%     95.01% |      248730      3.67%     98.69% |       40407      0.60%     99.28% |       35710      0.53%     99.81% |       10309      0.15%     99.96% |        1130      0.02%     99.98% |        1122      0.02%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6770383                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11733041                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.448177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.016797                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.825289                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11726176     99.94%     99.94% |        4207      0.04%     99.98% |        1951      0.02%     99.99% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |         312      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11733041                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11691814                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11691814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11691814                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        41227                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.549421                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.512638                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.164904                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       34362     83.35%     83.35% |        4207     10.20%     93.55% |        1951      4.73%     98.29% |         282      0.68%     98.97% |         312      0.76%     99.73% |          97      0.24%     99.96% |           4      0.01%     99.97% |           8      0.02%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        41227                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       306236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.007742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.291853                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.097193                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      302045     98.63%     98.63% |        3488      1.14%     99.77% |         516      0.17%     99.94% |          76      0.02%     99.96% |          91      0.03%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       306236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       288757                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      288757    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       288757                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17479                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.256994                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    88.813072                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.648615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13288     76.02%     76.02% |        3488     19.96%     95.98% |         516      2.95%     98.93% |          76      0.43%     99.36% |          91      0.52%     99.89% |          13      0.07%     99.96% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17479                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       306236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      306236    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       306236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       306236                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      306236    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       306236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1579796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.933341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.901441                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.785962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1579755    100.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1579796                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     15862997                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.572565                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.222248                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.605579                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    14801281     93.31%     93.31% |      916109      5.78%     99.08% |      138503      0.87%     99.96% |        6539      0.04%    100.00% |         563      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     15862997                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       269200                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.121490                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.082486                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.133996                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      269168     99.99%     99.99% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       269200                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5891953                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.261869                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.455156                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.500747                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5032918     85.42%     85.42% |      446050      7.57%     92.99% |      299127      5.08%     98.07% |       59028      1.00%     99.07% |       41273      0.70%     99.77% |       11018      0.19%     99.96% |        1197      0.02%     99.98% |        1150      0.02%    100.00% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5891953                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5891                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.542692                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.496876                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.092675                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2227     37.80%     37.80% |        3645     61.87%     99.68% |          19      0.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5891                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4446660                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.190473                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   105.311827                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.400734                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4138878     93.08%     93.08% |      265992      5.98%     99.06% |       39680      0.89%     99.95% |        1921      0.04%    100.00% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4446660                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1296275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.890231                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.860012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.699270                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1296268    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1296275                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5474108                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.492076                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.283070                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.887157                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4598379     84.00%     84.00% |      538141      9.83%     93.83% |      248730      4.54%     98.38% |       40407      0.74%     99.11% |       35710      0.65%     99.77% |       10309      0.19%     99.96% |        1130      0.02%     99.98% |        1122      0.02%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5474108                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.281378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.266166                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.244521                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3244     94.69%     94.69% |         175      5.11%     99.80% |           5      0.15%     99.94% |           2      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3426                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        37801                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.096214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   124.561994                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.214052                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       30936     81.84%     81.84% |        4207     11.13%     92.97% |        1951      5.16%     98.13% |         282      0.75%     98.88% |         312      0.83%     99.70% |          97      0.26%     99.96% |           4      0.01%     99.97% |           8      0.02%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        37801                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5004                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.530975                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.511069                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.379021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4377     87.47%     87.47% |         626     12.51%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5004                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12475                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.615551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.130605                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.340845                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        8284     66.40%     66.40% |        3488     27.96%     94.36% |         516      4.14%     98.50% |          76      0.61%     99.11% |          91      0.73%     99.84% |          13      0.10%     99.94% |           3      0.02%     99.97% |           4      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12475                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     4554590     51.28%     51.28% |     4327563     48.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      8882153                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     4133414     51.56%     51.56% |     3883456     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      8016870                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          53     55.21%     55.21% |          43     44.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     4133558     51.56%     51.56% |     3883613     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      8017171                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     4134908     51.56%     51.56% |     3884953     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      8019861                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     4133512     51.56%     51.56% |     3883570     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      8017082                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          46     51.69%     51.69% |          43     48.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1494     49.95%     49.95% |        1497     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2991                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      420941     48.67%     48.67% |      443946     51.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       864887                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     4133397     51.56%     51.56% |     3883449     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      8016846                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          10     58.82%     58.82% |           7     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |          10     58.82%     58.82% |           7     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          10     58.82%     58.82% |           7     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |         136     74.73%     74.73% |          46     25.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          182                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     4133512     51.56%     51.56% |     3883570     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      8017082                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     4133397     51.56%     51.56% |     3883449     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      8016846                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          46     51.69%     51.69% |          43     48.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1494     49.95%     49.95% |        1497     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2991                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6002932      1.04%      1.04% |   566574232     98.42%     99.46% |     1580992      0.27%     99.74% |     1508757      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    575666913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    29015450      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072222734336    100.00%    100.00% |     7712381      0.00%    100.00% |     7252700      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072266715136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2369681      1.34%      1.34% |   172462625     97.37%     98.71% |     1191838      0.67%     99.38% |     1094155      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    177118299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      400228      4.51%      4.51% |     7749165     87.25%     91.75% |      350450      3.95%     95.70% |      382126      4.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      8881969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      267398     30.92%     30.92% |       71001      8.21%     39.13% |      263771     30.50%     69.62% |      262717     30.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       864887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          10     20.83%     20.83% |          34     70.83%     91.67% |           2      4.17%     95.83% |           2      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      163860      2.02%      2.02% |     7692178     94.80%     96.82% |      111763      1.38%     98.20% |      146233      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      8114034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      133037      1.66%      1.66% |     7678002     95.77%     97.43% |       87274      1.09%     98.52% |      118557      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      8016870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       94653      3.02%      3.02% |     2854234     91.13%     94.16% |       83880      2.68%     96.83% |       99143      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3131910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      269851      7.77%      7.77% |     2692653     77.52%     85.29% |      251151      7.23%     92.52% |      259645      7.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      3473300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       35724      1.57%      1.57% |     2202278     96.73%     98.30% |       15419      0.68%     98.97% |       23338      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2276759                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       30826     31.72%     31.72% |       14191     14.60%     46.32% |       24489     25.20%     71.52% |       27677     28.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        97183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     5908279      1.03%      1.03% |   563719998     98.46%     99.49% |     1497112      0.26%     99.75% |     1409614      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    572535003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    28745599      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072220041216    100.00%    100.00% |     7461230      0.00%    100.00% |     6993055      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072263241728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     2333957      1.33%      1.33% |   170260347     97.38%     98.71% |     1176419      0.67%     99.39% |     1070817      0.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    174841540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      267396     30.92%     30.92% |       70999      8.21%     39.13% |      263770     30.50%     69.62% |      262717     30.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       864882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           5     20.83%     20.83% |          17     70.83%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      133034      1.66%      1.66% |     7677987     95.77%     97.43% |       87274      1.09%     98.52% |      118556      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      8016851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           5     20.83%     20.83% |          17     70.83%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      133037      1.66%      1.66% |     7678002     95.77%     97.43% |       87274      1.09%     98.52% |      118557      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      8016870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      364504      5.52%      5.52% |     5546887     83.98%     89.50% |      335031      5.07%     94.57% |      358788      5.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6605210                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       35724      1.57%      1.57% |     2202278     96.73%     98.30% |       15419      0.68%     98.97% |       23338      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      2276759                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
