
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.888732                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3888731668000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56086049985001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 149113                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   209042                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              257665877                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1828492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15092.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2250431557                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3154898027                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     45594496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          45594496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     24893440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       24893440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       712414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             712414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       388960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            388960                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11724773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             11724773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6401429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6401429                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     18126202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            18126202                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     712414                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    388960                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   712414                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  388960                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              45420480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 174016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               24891840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               45594496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            24893440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  2719                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            46660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            45739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            49662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            51789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            51410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            48028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            41400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            42626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            40506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           40887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           39360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           38813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           46860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           44365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            25895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            25055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            26428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            27531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            26788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            25355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            23688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            22670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            22644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           22537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           23138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           22085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           21930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           25894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3888731780500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               712414                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              388960                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 709485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 18616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 18995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 20886                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 22122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 22144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 22325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 22153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 22015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 21997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 22001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 21978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 21996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 22025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 21956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 21974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 21906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 21906                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 21908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       693963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.319154                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.573181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   122.279258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       549788     79.22%     79.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       101787     14.67%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18792      2.71%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8843      1.27%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3726      0.54%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2837      0.41%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1541      0.22%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          863      0.12%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5786      0.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       693963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.748665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    96.834665                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        21899     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        21903                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.757157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.740781                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.746382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            2997     13.68%     13.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             257      1.17%     14.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           17837     81.44%     96.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             719      3.28%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              75      0.34%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              11      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               5      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        21903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  9382612498                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            22689393748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3548475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13220.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31970.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       11.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    11.72                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  302554                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 102108                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                42.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               26.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   3530800.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   36.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2792550600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1523713125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             2974288200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1321719120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        254214395760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        380034917820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2001908537250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2644770121875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           679.519017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3326788916500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 129853100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 432086699500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2472724800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1349205000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2620605000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1198579680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        254214395760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        371069964945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2009772531000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2642698006185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           678.986629                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3340051526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 129853100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 418821897250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     45601344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          45601344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24918272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       24918272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       712521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             712521                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       389348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            389348                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11726534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             11726534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6407815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6407815                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18134349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            18134349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     712521                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    389348                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   712521                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  389348                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              45432640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 168704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               24916608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               45601344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            24918272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  2636                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            46953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            45373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            49895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            51701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            50777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            48376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            42129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            42045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            39876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            41970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           40128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           39527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           38641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           46592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           45095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            25852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            24959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            26617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            27502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            26558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            25466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            23582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            23399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            22556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            22971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           22475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           23009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           22189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           21981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           25945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3888731500000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               712521                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              389348                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 709703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 20966                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 22099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 22130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 22309                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 22158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 22026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 22009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 22000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 21993                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 22016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 22042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 21971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 21994                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 21920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 21915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 21927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       694421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   101.305784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.561212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   122.364212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       550055     79.21%     79.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       102071     14.70%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        18598      2.68%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         8911      1.28%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3772      0.54%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2771      0.40%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1583      0.23%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          855      0.12%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5805      0.84%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       694421                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        21915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     32.740041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    94.967745                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        21910     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            2      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        21915                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        21915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.765092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.749015                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.740758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2903     13.25%     13.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             264      1.20%     14.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           17959     81.95%     96.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             698      3.19%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              67      0.31%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              15      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               6      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        21915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  9269842749                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            22580186499                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3549425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13058.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31808.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       11.68                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    11.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  302415                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 102367                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                42.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               26.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3529214.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   36.82                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              2788385040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1521440250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             2973531600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1321498800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        254214395760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        379769843025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2002141050750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2644730145225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           679.508748                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3327156034500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 129853100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 431719366500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2480178960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1353272250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2622960600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1201307760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        254214395760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        370883837430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2009935800750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2642691753510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           678.985023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3340334717250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 129853100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 418538646750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7775236945                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4094301                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      8621145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              8449545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1814                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     237682                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       614456                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     8449545                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1814                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           17124988                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           6962283                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                3048                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               1440                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4892754                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2688512                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2006022                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1243781                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    762241                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7757996493.700582                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              17240451.299419                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002217                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997783                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           923206                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               127131      1.47%      1.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6430654     74.59%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   14166      0.16%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    41894      0.49%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   1368      0.02%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1243781     14.43%     91.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 762241      8.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   8621235                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7781289697                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    2759570                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      5929217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              5801141                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     164569                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       413202                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     5801141                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           11800456                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4807936                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             3286309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            1748077                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1425190                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     886551                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    538639                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7769491464.354844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              11798232.645156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.001516                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.998484                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           630887                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               106742      1.80%      1.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4344839     73.28%     75.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   14948      0.25%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    37401      0.63%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  886551     14.95%     90.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 538639      9.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   5929240                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7779358979                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2239424197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3131811950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1364857831                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127680264                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4832335                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125335292                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1364857831                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127680264                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2745229553                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         828362141                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601234004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077617833                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           735850411                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430107392                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408298201                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353589130                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54709071                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4080584.338427                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7775278394.661572                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.999475                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.000525                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163295634                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2281583      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1676566840     53.53%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   78871      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99465      0.00%     53.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044495651     33.35%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353589130     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54709071      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3131820611                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7774176012                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2753005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5946790                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5814899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     164000                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       418172                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5814899                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11821510                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4828940                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3350398                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1755807                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1414857                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     879570                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    535287                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7762461101.670441                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11714910.329560                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001507                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998493                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           635706                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               112900      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4366312     73.42%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   12047      0.20%     75.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    40677      0.68%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  879570     14.79%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 535287      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5946793                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  198                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 198                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4028                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4028                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2028                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3990                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3953                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          122                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4098                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                83500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                45495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              282500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2460997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2456499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2711525                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2466500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               11998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1519000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1675000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1702000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           24                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes        98304                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           24                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3805727819                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000229                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3805727620    100.00%    100.00% |         199      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3805727819                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3805727819                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.053019                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003539                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.604328                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3805532070     99.99%     99.99% |      168763      0.00%    100.00% |        7368      0.00%    100.00% |        6166      0.00%    100.00% |       10771      0.00%    100.00% |        2603      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3805727819                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3804212474                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.006960                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001670                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.263726                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  3801564740     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |     2647733      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3804212474                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1515345                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.683089                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.161105                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.023696                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1319596     87.08%     87.08% |      168763     11.14%     98.22% |        7368      0.49%     98.71% |        6166      0.41%     99.11% |       10771      0.71%     99.82% |        2603      0.17%     99.99% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1515345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr            5                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1957279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2007395                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      5366666                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        55921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5422587                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        72753                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        33284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       106037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1394749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        30131                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1424880                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      3637862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        35675                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3673537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        41319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24487                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        65806                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411146973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3848797                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    414995770                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3373050462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        81488                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3373131950                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      2496538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses      1433747                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      3930285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         24116                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1383736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        30166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1413902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3627013                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        30785                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3657798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        37124                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        23827                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        60951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.011550                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33284                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        56876                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1530587                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1483675                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33284                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       266272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4095072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12244696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11869400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       266272                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.011425                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24487                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        55642                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1512174                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1492471                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        24487                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       195896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4006224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12097392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11939768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       195896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.098617                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1433747                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1442254                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4359309                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       776648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1391991                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1391991                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       615343                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        83211                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1433747                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11469976                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    103842288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34874472                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55918656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11135928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11135928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4922744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       665688                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11469976                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.011298                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23827                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        50950                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1515584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1493131                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23827                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3668400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12124672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11945048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       190616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.044724                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       767916                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4       712379                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3233                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       388151                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          809                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       695777                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       695777                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       307626                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       768723                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       767916                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6143328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     51291288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        25864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27946872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5566216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5566216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2461008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6149784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6143328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.044545                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       747429                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4       712483                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3231                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       388540                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       696289                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       696289                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       307749                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       748234                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       747429                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5979432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     51298776                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        25848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27974880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5570312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5570312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2461992                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5985872                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5979432                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000012                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1617                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12936                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.028991                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1515345                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1515292                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4462059                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       776691                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1617                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1392066                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1392066                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       615375                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      4552488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1515345                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12122760                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    109101024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     35696472                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55921752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11136528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11136528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4923000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     36419904                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12122760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      4546050                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4546119                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     13386177                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2330073                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10207980                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     10621933                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      4546035                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     36368400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    327320568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    107089416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    167765256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     81663840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     84975464                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     36368280                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011918                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33282                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        70506                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1483675                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2396304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       564048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11869400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011183                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        33284                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        23594                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1460081                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        33284                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       266272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1698768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11680648                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       266272                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011338                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        24477                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        50867                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1492471                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1762344                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       406936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11939768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011513                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        24487                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        31165                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1461307                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        24487                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       195896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2243880                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11690456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       195896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.119984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1433743                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4284608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1391991                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        83211                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    103229496                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34276864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11135928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       665688                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.077249                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1433747                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8511                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        74701                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       776648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1391991                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       615343                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1433747                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11469976                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       612792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       597608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55918656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11135928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4922744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11469976                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011294                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        23786                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        49614                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1493131                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1712592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       396912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11945048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011303                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23827                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27164                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1465970                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        23827                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       190616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1955808                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11727760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       190616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.038809                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       767916                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3233                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       388151                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          809                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       695777                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       307626                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       767916                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6143328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        25864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27946872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5566216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2461008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6143328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.050640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           41                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       712376                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       695777                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       768723                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     51291072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5566216                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6149784                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.038572                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       747429                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3231                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       388540                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       696289                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       307749                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       747429                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5979432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        25848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27974880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5570312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2461992                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5979432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.050518                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       712482                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       696289                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       748234                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     51298704                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5570312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      5985872                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000010                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1617                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        12936                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011918                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33282                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        70506                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           75                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1483675                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2396304                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       564048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11869400                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011338                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        24477                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        50867                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1492471                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1762344                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       406936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11939768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.119984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1433743                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4284608                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1391991                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        83211                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    103229496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34276864                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11135928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       665688                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.011294                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        23786                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        49614                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1493131                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1712592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       396912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     11945048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.038809                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       767916                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3233                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       388151                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          809                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       695777                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       307626                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       767916                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6143328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        25864                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27946872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6472                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5566216                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2461008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6143328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.038572                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       747429                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3231                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       388540                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       696289                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       307749                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       747429                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      5979432                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        25848                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     27974880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6464                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5570312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2461992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      5979432                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           81                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    362714153                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.432927                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.029981                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.465094                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   362540842     99.95%     99.95% |      152547      0.04%     99.99% |        5390      0.00%    100.00% |        5273      0.00%    100.00% |        8234      0.00%    100.00% |        1830      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     362714153                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    361591864                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.062495                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015098                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.788062                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   359332104     99.38%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |           0      0.00%     99.38% |     2259760      0.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    361591864                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1122289                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.783124                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.061413                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.345746                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      948978     84.56%     84.56% |      152547     13.59%     98.15% |        5390      0.48%     98.63% |        5273      0.47%     99.10% |        8234      0.73%     99.83% |        1830      0.16%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1122289                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     56381910                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.721172                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.038281                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.653620                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    56361596     99.96%     99.96% |       14295      0.03%     99.99% |        1928      0.00%     99.99% |         859      0.00%     99.99% |        2456      0.00%    100.00% |         738      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      56381910                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     56015831                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.031852                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007667                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.563479                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    55837408     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |      178422      0.32%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     56015831                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       366079                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   107.197862                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   101.199975                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.735762                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      345765     94.45%     94.45% |       14295      3.90%     98.36% |        1928      0.53%     98.88% |         859      0.23%     99.12% |        2456      0.67%     99.79% |         738      0.20%     99.99% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       366079                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385885872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000910                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000152                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.228723                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3385884330    100.00%    100.00% |        1400      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3385885872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385873734                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000566                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000136                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.075249                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  3385682003     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      191731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3385873734                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    96.817186                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    82.751758                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.911549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       10596     87.30%     87.30% |        1400     11.53%     98.83% |          31      0.26%     99.09% |          27      0.22%     99.31% |          56      0.46%     99.77% |          27      0.22%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12138                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       431620                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.071107                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.155363                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.482587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      431438     99.96%     99.96% |         167      0.04%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       431620                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       425019                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.369066                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.092532                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.885327                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      409333     96.31%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |           0      0.00%     96.31% |       15686      3.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       425019                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6601                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.273443                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    42.296615                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.841749                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6419     97.24%     97.24% |         167      2.53%     99.77% |           3      0.05%     99.82% |           2      0.03%     99.85% |           5      0.08%     99.92% |           4      0.06%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.465628                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.271513                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.639938                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      156732     99.75%     99.75% |         354      0.23%     99.97% |          16      0.01%     99.98% |           5      0.00%     99.98% |          20      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       157132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       148894                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.143323                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.034965                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.188572                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      146760     98.57%     98.57% |           0      0.00%     98.57% |           0      0.00%     98.57% |           0      0.00%     98.57% |           0      0.00%     98.57% |        2134      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       148894                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8238                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.513110                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.487243                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.884721                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7838     95.14%     95.14% |         354      4.30%     99.44% |          16      0.19%     99.64% |           5      0.06%     99.70% |          20      0.24%     99.94% |           4      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8238                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       157132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       157132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       157132                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       157132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3801564587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3801564587    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   3801564587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        90487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.230541                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.178705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.957531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       90309     99.80%     99.80% |          77      0.09%     99.89% |         100      0.11%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        90487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        90482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.016799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.004036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.409523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       90330     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |         152      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        90482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        90482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.004697                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.003914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.131348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       90405     99.91%     99.91% |          32      0.04%     99.95% |          36      0.04%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        90482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        90482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.054717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       90474     99.99%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        90482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        90482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.207036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.873884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       43720     48.32%     48.32% |       27404     30.29%     78.61% |        8575      9.48%     88.08% |           9      0.01%     88.09% |           3      0.00%     88.10% |           4      0.00%     88.10% |       10767     11.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        90482                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2647887                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999423                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998476                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.076015                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         153      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     2647733     99.99%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2647887                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1424858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.919318                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.370832                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.970488                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1229109     86.26%     86.26% |      168763     11.84%     98.11% |        7368      0.52%     98.62% |        6166      0.43%     99.06% |       10771      0.76%     99.81% |        2603      0.18%     99.99% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1424858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      1424858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.071185                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.012676                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     1.065580                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     1418525     99.56%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |           5      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |        6303      0.44%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      1424858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      1424858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.111645                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.055775                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     1.640801                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1415420     99.34%     99.34% |        3110      0.22%     99.56% |        2292      0.16%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |        4036      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      1424858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      1424858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000027                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000026                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.008826                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1424855    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      1424858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      1424858                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    88.736461                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    81.609385                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    57.083975                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     1390129     97.56%     97.56% |       10480      0.74%     98.30% |        6043      0.42%     98.72% |        7154      0.50%     99.22% |       10916      0.77%     99.99% |          79      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      1424858                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    359332099                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   359332099    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    359332099                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        64188                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.414205                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.410097                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.533230                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       64183     99.99%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        64188                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2259765                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999978                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999942                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.014875                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           5      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2259760    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2259765                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1058101                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.083219                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.597821                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.959608                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      884790     83.62%     83.62% |      152547     14.42%     98.04% |        5390      0.51%     98.55% |        5273      0.50%     99.05% |        8234      0.78%     99.82% |        1830      0.17%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1058101                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55837281                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55837281    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     55837281                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11495                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.382514                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.282962                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.736993                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11349     98.73%     98.73% |          54      0.47%     99.20% |          92      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11495                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       178550                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.992893                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.981260                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.266616                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         127      0.07%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |      178422     99.93%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       178550                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       354584                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.493573                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.621760                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.128004                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      334270     94.27%     94.27% |       14295      4.03%     98.30% |        1928      0.54%     98.85% |         859      0.24%     99.09% |        2456      0.69%     99.78% |         738      0.21%     99.99% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       354584                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3385682003                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3385682003    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   3385682003                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3075                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.244228                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.240496                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.505527                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3056     99.38%     99.38% |          19      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3075                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       191731                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      191731    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       191731                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9063                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.386958                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.764902                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.418665                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        7521     82.99%     82.99% |        1400     15.45%     98.43% |          31      0.34%     98.78% |          27      0.30%     99.07% |          56      0.62%     99.69% |          27      0.30%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         9063                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       409333                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      409333    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       409333                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5869                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.185381                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.129237                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.032805                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5868     99.98%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5869                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15686                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       15686    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15686                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          732                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.157104                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.234028                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.666775                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         550     75.14%     75.14% |         167     22.81%     97.95% |           3      0.41%     98.36% |           2      0.27%     98.63% |           5      0.68%     99.32% |           4      0.55%     99.86% |           1      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          732                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       146760                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146760    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       146760                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5860                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.509215                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.423620                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.502039                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5834     99.56%     99.56% |          21      0.36%     99.91% |           5      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5860                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2134    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2378                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.521867                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   129.139423                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.577820                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1978     83.18%     83.18% |         354     14.89%     98.07% |          16      0.67%     98.74% |           5      0.21%     98.95% |          20      0.84%     99.79% |           4      0.17%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2378                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       157111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       157111                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           21                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      194281     50.78%     50.78% |      188311     49.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       382592                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      576861     50.64%     50.64% |      562237     49.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1139098                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      695777     49.98%     49.98% |      696289     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      1392066                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       29364     58.81%     58.81% |       20564     41.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        49928                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      738552     50.40%     50.40% |      726865     49.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      1465417                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        2191     49.41%     49.41% |        2243     50.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4434                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          52     85.25%     85.25% |           9     14.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           61                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      305435     49.99%     49.99% |      305506     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       610941                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      388099     49.97%     49.97% |      388531     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       776630                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          41     50.62%     50.62% |          40     49.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      712414     50.00%     50.00% |      712521     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1424935                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      388960     49.98%     49.98% |      389348     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       778308                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        3233     50.02%     50.02% |        3231     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total         6464                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         809     50.03%     50.03% |         808     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         1617                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |       12471     64.51%     64.51% |        6862     35.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        19333                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |       12559     57.11%     57.11% |        9430     42.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        21989                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        2243     49.90%     49.90% |        2252     50.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4495                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        2112     54.28%     54.28% |        1779     45.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         3891                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       28396     62.73%     62.73% |       16873     37.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        45269                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      693534     49.98%     49.98% |      694037     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      1387571                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          21     65.62%     65.62% |          11     34.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        3127     49.71%     49.71% |        3164     50.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         6291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      178822     50.00%     50.00% |      178840     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total       357662                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      530406     50.00%     50.00% |      530467     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1060873                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          14     87.50%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       26221     60.12%     60.12% |       17395     39.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        43616                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      738550     50.40%     50.40% |      726862     49.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      1465412                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          14     87.50%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           16                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        3127     49.71%     49.71% |        3164     50.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         6291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      709249     50.00%     50.00% |      709318     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      1418567                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        3127     49.71%     49.71% |        3164     50.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         6291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        3072     50.00%     50.00% |        3072     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         6144                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |         152     49.35%     49.35% |         156     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total          308                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |           9     75.00%     75.00% |           3     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           12                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         768     50.00%     50.00% |         768     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         840     50.69%     50.69% |         817     49.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total         1657                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |        2371     50.76%     50.76% |        2300     49.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total         4671                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        2191     49.41%     49.41% |        2243     50.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4434                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          52     85.25%     85.25% |           9     14.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           61                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      305435     49.99%     49.99% |      305506     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       610941                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      388099     49.97%     49.97% |      388531     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       776630                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          52     85.25%     85.25% |           9     14.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           61                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      388140     49.97%     49.97% |      388571     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       776711                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1536                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1147703      0.32%      0.32% |      822990      0.23%      0.54% |   359932029     99.23%     99.78% |      816101      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    362718823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5422587      0.00%      0.00% |     3673537      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072787716096    100.00%    100.00% |     3657798      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072800468992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      859692      1.50%      1.50% |      601890      1.05%      2.56% |    55070068     96.40%     98.95% |      597801      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     57129451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |         109      0.01%      0.01% |           1      0.00%      0.01% |     1396798     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1396908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       87156      2.12%      2.12% |       49842      1.21%      3.34% |     3922797     95.57%     98.91% |       44695      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      4104490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       18124      0.74%      0.74% |        6666      0.27%      1.01% |     2424404     98.71%     99.72% |        6966      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2456160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       54661     28.51%     28.51% |       34658     18.08%     46.59% |       72241     37.68%     84.26% |       30171     15.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       191731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       72785      2.75%      2.75% |       41324      1.56%      4.31% |     2496645     94.29%     98.60% |       37137      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2647891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |      371107     32.30%     32.30% |      377724     32.88%     65.18% |       22014      1.92%     67.09% |      378053     32.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      1148898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1112568     32.69%     32.69% |     1114747     32.75%     65.44% |       61197      1.80%     67.24% |     1115078     32.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      3403590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           3     60.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       61683      1.40%      1.40% |       44597      1.01%      2.41% |     4267729     96.63%     99.04% |       42495      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      4416504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        8823     22.57%     22.57% |        6270     16.04%     38.61% |       16879     43.18%     81.79% |        7119     18.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        39091                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        8760     34.22%     34.22% |        4165     16.27%     50.49% |        8866     34.63%     85.12% |        3808     14.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        25599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       12563     28.79%     28.79% |        9397     21.53%     50.32% |       10736     24.60%     74.93% |       10941     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        43637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       11959      0.83%      0.83% |       10915      0.75%      1.58% |     1414141     97.79%     99.38% |        9037      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1446052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |          75      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     1391991     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1392066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       12672     25.39%     25.39% |        9793     19.62%     45.01% |       16408     32.87%     77.88% |       11040     22.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        49913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       20612      1.41%      1.41% |       14694      1.00%      2.41% |     1417339     96.72%     99.13% |       12787      0.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1465432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       20677      1.84%      1.84% |       18740      1.67%      3.51% |     1064060     94.81%     98.32% |       18812      1.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1122289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1260     10.38%     10.38% |        1017      8.38%     18.76% |        9247     76.18%     94.94% |         614      5.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        12138                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        6412      1.73%      1.73% |        2784      0.75%      2.49% |      358235     96.86%     99.34% |        2425      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       369856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |      359319     32.69%     32.69% |      362477     32.97%     65.66% |       15442      1.40%     67.07% |      362011     32.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      1099249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1080602     32.77%     32.77% |     1084498     32.89%     65.66% |       45545      1.38%     67.05% |     1086592     32.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      3297237                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      190017      3.61%      3.61% |      139910      2.66%      6.27% |     4771167     90.73%     97.01% |      157289      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      5258383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4284819     27.64%     27.64% |     3575996     23.07%     50.71% |     4163745     26.86%     77.57% |     3476653     22.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     15501213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4901     45.12%     45.12% |        1934     17.81%     62.93% |        2094     19.28%     82.20% |        1933     17.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        10862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |          34      0.70%      0.70% |           1      0.02%      0.72% |        4807     99.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         4842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       50779     23.76%     23.76% |       42138     19.72%     43.48% |       84503     39.54%     83.01% |       36303     16.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       213723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        7008     11.75%     11.75% |        3821      6.41%     18.16% |       45756     76.72%     94.88% |        3053      5.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        59638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       38467     29.64%     29.64% |       33562     25.86%     55.51% |       27701     21.35%     76.86% |       30032     23.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       129762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        6722     25.38%     25.38% |        6416     24.23%     49.61% |        4873     18.40%     68.01% |        8471     31.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        26482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |       13438     34.38%     34.38% |        7916     20.25%     54.63% |        8841     22.62%     77.24% |        8896     22.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        39091                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       10875     17.75%     17.75% |         250      0.41%     18.16% |       34246     55.89%     74.05% |       15903     25.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        61274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |      531970     15.66%     15.66% |        4175      0.12%     15.78% |     2731505     80.40%     96.18% |      129883      3.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      3397533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |           2      4.65%      4.65% |           7     16.28%     20.93% |           4      9.30%     30.23% |          30     69.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |          15      0.33%      0.33% |           0      0.00%      0.33% |        4480     99.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       10334     35.80%     35.80% |        1513      5.24%     41.05% |       14515     50.29%     91.33% |        2501      8.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        28863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1056     20.19%     20.19% |        1133     21.66%     41.85% |         881     16.84%     58.69% |        2161     41.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         5231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        9315     40.94%     40.94% |         198      0.87%     41.81% |       13151     57.80%     99.62% |          87      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        22751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        3723     19.31%     19.31% |        8330     43.21%     62.53% |         255      1.32%     63.85% |        6968     36.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        19276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        3752     17.06%     17.06% |        9691     44.07%     61.14% |         547      2.49%     63.62% |        7999     36.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        21989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       90483      0.06%      0.06% |      108762      0.07%      0.13% |   147762220     99.81%     99.95% |       80743      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    148042208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      549670      0.00%      0.00% |       57349      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072780738560    100.00%    100.00% |       20221      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072781365248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2406      0.56%      0.56% |         544      0.13%      0.69% |      425270     99.22%     99.91% |         376      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       428596                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |          17      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      611035    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       611052                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       10286      0.50%      0.50% |        1975      0.10%      0.60% |     2046091     99.31%     99.90% |        2050      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      2060402                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         925      0.07%      0.07% |         258      0.02%      0.08% |     1399596     99.90%     99.98% |         272      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1401051                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        6879     17.54%     17.54% |         898      2.29%     19.83% |       31389     80.04%     99.87% |          52      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        39218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         194     31.49%     31.49% |          61      9.90%     41.40% |          92     14.94%     56.33% |         269     43.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        4807     22.21%     22.21% |        8640     39.92%     62.13% |         727      3.36%     65.49% |        7469     34.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        21643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      822325      0.40%      0.40% |      549063      0.27%      0.67% |   204060422     99.07%     99.74% |      537547      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    205969357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      840325      1.50%      1.50% |      595338      1.06%      2.56% |    54093146     96.39%     98.95% |      591771      1.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     56120580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |          43      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |      776476     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       776519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       15757      0.87%      0.87% |        4216      0.23%      1.11% |     1777688     98.68%     99.79% |        3841      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1801502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        9135      0.92%      0.92% |        1454      0.15%      1.07% |      978171     98.78%     99.85% |        1480      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       990240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        1149     35.08%     35.08% |         440     13.44%     48.52% |        1352     41.28%     89.80% |         334     10.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         3275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        9969     42.19%     42.19% |        4002     16.94%     59.12% |        5537     23.43%     82.56% |        4122     17.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        23630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        6976     11.73%     11.73% |        3819      6.42%     18.14% |       45649     76.73%     94.87% |        3051      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        59495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       38467     29.64%     29.64% |       33562     25.86%     55.51% |       27701     21.35%     76.86% |       30032     23.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       129762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          32     22.38%     22.38% |           2      1.40%     23.78% |         107     74.83%     98.60% |           2      1.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        1056     20.24%     20.24% |        1130     21.66%     41.90% |         881     16.89%     58.79% |        2150     41.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         5217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        9315     40.94%     40.94% |         198      0.87%     41.81% |       13151     57.80%     99.62% |          87      0.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        22751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     21.43%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |          11     78.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |         500      0.04%      0.04% |         233      0.02%      0.05% |     1383383     99.93%     99.98% |         271      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      1384387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        6879     17.54%     17.54% |         898      2.29%     19.83% |       31389     80.04%     99.87% |          52      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        39218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         425      2.55%      2.55% |          25      0.15%      2.70% |       16213     97.29%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total        16664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        4778      0.59%      0.59% |         341      0.04%      0.63% |      805209     99.33%     99.96% |         333      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       810661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        4357      2.43%      2.43% |        1113      0.62%      3.05% |      172962     96.32%     99.36% |        1147      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       179579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        7025      0.65%      0.65% |        5111      0.47%      1.12% |     1069528     98.67%     99.79% |        2269      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      1083933                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3710     44.68%     44.68% |        1833     22.08%     66.76% |         986     11.88%     78.63% |        1774     21.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         8303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        2702      0.75%      0.75% |         951      0.26%      1.01% |      357249     98.81%     99.82% |         651      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       361553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        4964     40.87%     40.87% |        3332     27.43%     68.30% |        2901     23.88%     92.19% |         949      7.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        12146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4933     44.83%     44.83% |        1936     17.59%     62.42% |        2201     20.00%     82.42% |        1935     17.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        11005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |           6      3.51%      3.51% |          30     17.54%     21.05% |          12      7.02%     28.07% |         123     71.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |           2      3.51%      3.51% |          10     17.54%     21.05% |           4      7.02%     28.07% |          41     71.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        9661     52.15%     52.15% |        1044      5.64%     57.79% |        2191     11.83%     69.62% |        5628     30.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        18524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        8643     44.76%     44.76% |        3769     19.52%     64.28% |        3187     16.51%     80.79% |        3709     19.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        19308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          10      1.31%      1.31% |         711     92.94%     94.25% |          42      5.49%     99.74% |           2      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          765                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        5222     20.55%     20.55% |       13400     52.74%     73.29% |        1600      6.30%     79.59% |        5185     20.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        25407                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        9255      0.85%      0.85% |        9963      0.92%      1.77% |     1056890     97.45%     99.23% |        8386      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1084494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         830     57.16%     57.16% |         139      9.57%     66.74% |         378     26.03%     92.77% |         105      7.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        2043     42.40%     42.40% |         510     10.59%     52.99% |        1953     40.54%     93.52% |         312      6.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         4818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        2704      0.75%      0.75% |         952      0.26%      1.01% |      357251     98.81%     99.82% |         651      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       361558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       28146      0.87%      0.87% |       15148      0.47%      1.33% |     3183259     97.93%     99.26% |       24155      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      3250708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        4373     17.49%     17.49% |        4722     18.89%     36.38% |       13749     54.99%     91.37% |        2158      8.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        25002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         117      1.86%      1.86% |         396      6.29%      8.15% |        5679     90.27%     98.43% |          99      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         6291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       12563     28.79%     28.79% |        9397     21.53%     50.32% |       10736     24.60%     74.93% |       10941     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        43637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        9257      0.85%      0.85% |        9964      0.92%      1.77% |     1056892     97.45%     99.23% |        8386      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1084499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           6      5.13%      5.13% |          31     26.50%     31.62% |          80     68.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         207      7.41%      7.41% |         342     12.25%     19.66% |        1987     71.17%     90.83% |         256      9.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         2792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        4616     22.20%     22.20% |        6022     28.96%     51.15% |        6285     30.22%     81.37% |        3874     18.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        20797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        4450     31.58%     31.58% |        1548     10.99%     42.57% |        3130     22.22%     64.79% |        4961     35.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        14089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       12672     25.39%     25.39% |        9793     19.62%     45.01% |       16408     32.87%     77.88% |       11040     22.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        49913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           8     53.33%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           7     46.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |          15      0.33%      0.33% |           0      0.00%      0.33% |        4480     99.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4495                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4670    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total         4670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1657    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total         1657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |          60      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1387511    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1387571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       45475     24.01%     24.01% |       37383     19.74%     43.75% |       73457     38.78%     82.53% |       33085     17.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       189400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       10371     37.06%     37.06% |        1331      4.76%     41.82% |       14032     50.15%     91.97% |        2248      8.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        27982                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        7804      0.54%      0.54% |        1156      0.08%      0.62% |     1430985     99.36%     99.98% |         324      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1440269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        9135      0.92%      0.92% |        1454      0.15%      1.07% |      978171     98.78%     99.85% |        1480      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       990240                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.904942                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3904941922500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56102260239501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 148947                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   209074                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              257458782                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2089612                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 15167.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2259121612                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3171071867                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     46718208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          46718208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25121792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       25121792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       729972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             729972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       392528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            392528                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11963868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             11963868                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0      6433333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             6433333                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     18397201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            18397201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     729972                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    392528                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   729972                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  392528                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              46543040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 175168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               25120576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               46718208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            25121792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  2737                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            47624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            46526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            51098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            52695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            52187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            48867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            42334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            43766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            43021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           41247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           40541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           39836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           48031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           45826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            26104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            25273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            26733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            27666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            26965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            25535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            23382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            23879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            22911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            22835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           22837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           23313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           22334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           22084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           26171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           24487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3904938334000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               729972                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              392528                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 726604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 18789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 19174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 21084                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 22322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 22349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 22527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 22356                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 22220                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 22198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 22201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 22179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 22196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 22227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 22155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 22174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 22105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 22105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 22108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       702096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.070782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.850492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   124.004939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       554659     79.00%     79.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       103709     14.77%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19282      2.75%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9059      1.29%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3840      0.55%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2929      0.42%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1633      0.23%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          934      0.13%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6051      0.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       702096                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.245046                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    98.306892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        22089     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            8      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::13824-14335            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        22102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.758981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.742528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.748348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            3023     13.68%     13.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             257      1.16%     14.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           17974     81.32%     96.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             749      3.39%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              79      0.36%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              13      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               5      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        22102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  9536863743                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            23172519993                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3636175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13113.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31863.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       11.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        6.43                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    11.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     6.43                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  314397                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 103249                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                43.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               26.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   3478786.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   37.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              2818965240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1538125875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             3035034600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            1331879760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        255273217680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        383690183895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        2008428747000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2656116154050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           679.603546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3337609811250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130394420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 436932460750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              2507803200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1368345000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             2696733000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            1211578560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        255273217680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        375449807610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        2015657147250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2654164632300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           679.104222                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3349813332752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130394420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 424729981498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     46727808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          46727808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     25143872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       25143872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       730122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             730122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       392873                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            392873                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11966326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             11966326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6438987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             6438987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18405313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            18405313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     730122                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    392873                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   730122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  392873                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              46558144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 169664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               25142464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               46727808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            25143872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  2651                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            47893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            46170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            51347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            52610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            51544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            49227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            43047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            43197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            41315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            43512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           41258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           41632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           39662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           47760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           46589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            26065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            25173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            26907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            27633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            26730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            25641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            23727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            23586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            22775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            23163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           22781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           23192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           22446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           22136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           26190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           24706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3904937759000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               730122                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              392873                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 726852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18875                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 21161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 22301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 22331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 22509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 22357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 22229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 22208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 22198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 22190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 22216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 22241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 22171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 22194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 22118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 22113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 22125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       702574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   102.053990                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.837299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   124.088869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       554949     78.99%     78.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       104019     14.81%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        19056      2.71%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9132      1.30%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3887      0.55%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2860      0.41%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1665      0.24%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          926      0.13%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6080      0.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       702574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        22113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     33.229820                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    96.746599                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        22101     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            6      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::13312-13823            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        22113                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        22113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.765613                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.749496                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.741698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            2932     13.26%     13.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             265      1.20%     14.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           18105     81.87%     96.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             718      3.25%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              69      0.31%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              15      0.07%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               6      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        22113                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  9427549996                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            23067631246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3637355000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12959.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31709.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       11.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        6.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    11.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     6.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  314248                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 103498                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                43.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               26.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   3477253.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   37.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              2814769440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1535836500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             3034278000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            1331393760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        255273217680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        383399794260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        2008683466500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2656072756140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           679.592444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3338013939500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 130394420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 436528177750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              2515431240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1372507125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             2699416200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            1214280720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        255273217680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        375270641505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        2015814310500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2654159804970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           679.102987                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3350086051000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 130394420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 424457209000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      7808452772                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    7651239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     15100005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             14850515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 25268                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     367427                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      1083495                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    14850515                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        25268                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           30081516                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          12105215                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               40531                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              19662                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             8370769                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            4917251                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      3517776                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    2137266                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   1380510                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7776534370.764410                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              31918401.235590                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.004088                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.995912                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          1579841                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               150220      0.99%      0.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 11349624     75.16%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   20844      0.14%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    43062      0.29%     76.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  18681      0.12%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 2137266     14.15%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                1380510      9.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  15100223                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      7814583671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3831112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7960375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7799917                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     214287                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       563627                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7799917                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           15899316                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6405463                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4354903                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2421600                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1928843                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1190586                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    738257                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7797497482.071980                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              17086188.928019                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.002186                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.997814                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           848517                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               120818      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5853118     73.53%     75.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   16306      0.20%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    39056      0.49%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1190586     14.96%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 738257      9.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7960603                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      7811331584                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                 2240745078                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                   3134338375                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses           1367324226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses            2127688236                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    4898088                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts    125499682                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                  1367324226                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                   2127688236                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads         2750257089                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         830379723                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads          4601246986                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes         2077624177                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           737028946                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          430974160                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                    408879262                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                  353961480                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  54917782                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              29788622.975052                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              7781542961.024948                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.996186                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.003814                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                        163545444                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              2293136      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu               1678493083     53.55%     53.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   80052      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    99992      0.00%     53.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd             1044501635     33.32%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead               353961480     11.29%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               54917782      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                3134347192                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      7809633472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    5493699                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     11084187                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             10901174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16079                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     257868                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       828656                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    10901174                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        16079                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           21854784                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           8887255                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               26099                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              12713                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6075413                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3573550                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      2540841                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1525953                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1014888                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              7786137420.271844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              23496051.728156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003009                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996991                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1206319                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               132623      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  8339445     75.24%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   15060      0.14%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    44465      0.40%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  12016      0.11%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1525953     13.77%     90.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1014888      9.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  11084498                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 5052                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                5052                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7211                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7211                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               545                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              545                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1026                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2296                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12242                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   25616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         2052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          274                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6954                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          546                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4484                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          347                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    35887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               162500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              4284981                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6199000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             3059489                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3016495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             3275521                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             3026991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              761996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3015000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3399500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy            10085500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3116000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           26                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       106496                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           26                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7626692282                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000380                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7626691181    100.00%    100.00% |        1101      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7626692282                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7626692282                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.053737                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.003605                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.617090                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7626297358     99.99%     99.99% |      340413      0.00%    100.00% |       14824      0.00%    100.00% |       12427      0.00%    100.00% |       21808      0.00%    100.00% |        5294      0.00%    100.00% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7626692282                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7623588324                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.007085                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001700                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.266084                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  7618186954     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |     5401368      0.07%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7623588324                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3103958                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.633953                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.635709                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.338988                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2709034     87.28%     87.28% |      340413     10.97%     98.24% |       14824      0.48%     98.72% |       12427      0.40%     99.12% |       21808      0.70%     99.82% |        5294      0.17%     99.99% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3103958                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          531                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      3439523                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        85858                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      3525381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     10106501                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        75578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10182079                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       108671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        52765                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       161436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1879900                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        51861                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1931761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      5041076                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        47171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5088247                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        58908                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        99032                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    411708723                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      3867213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    415575936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits   3374737369                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        90796                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses   3374828165                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      2510839                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses      1447170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      3958009                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         24399                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      2483195                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        66241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      2549436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      7225927                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        57531                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7283458                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        75218                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        48554                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       123772                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.013096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52765                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          145                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        91101                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1620010                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          637                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1109                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1109                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1537209                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        52765                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       422120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1160                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6559272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12960080                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        45864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3776                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12297672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       422120                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.012589                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40124                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          131                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        77970                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1600410                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1549716                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40124                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       320992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1048                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5613840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12803280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12397728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       320992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.099658                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1447170                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1466608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4440655                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       782174                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1399241                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1399241                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       617067                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       143032                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1447170                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11577360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    105595776                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     35525240                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56316528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11193928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11193928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4936536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1144256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11577360                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.012784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48554                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        80693                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1619131                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          811                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1541292                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        48554                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       388432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5809896                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12953048                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        58392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12330336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       388432                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.045535                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       804786                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3          359                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4       729939                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3495                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       391653                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          875                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       700524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       700524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       308871                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       805301                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       804786                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6438288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     52555608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28199016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5604192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5604192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2470968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6442408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6438288                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.045351                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       783827                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3          166                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4       730084                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3487                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       392001                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       700922                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       700922                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       308921                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       784533                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       783827                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6270616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     52566048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27896                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28224072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5607376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5607376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2471368                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6276264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6270616                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000013                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1747                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13976                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.029901                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1588613                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3          525                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1588198                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4643594                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       783654                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1747                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1401446                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1401446                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       617792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      4771249                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1588613                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     12708904                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         4200                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    114350256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     37148752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56423088                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11211568                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11211568                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4942336                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     38169992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     12708904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      4767414                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      4764842                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     13930782                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      2350962                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10272285                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     11132332                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      4765839                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     38139312                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    343068624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    111446256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    169269264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     82178280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     89058656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     38126712                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013653                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          145                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        52541                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       121216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1109                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1537209                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1160                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3782952                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       969728                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12297672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012540                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52765                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        38560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1498794                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          637                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1109                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        52765                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       422120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2776320                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     11990352                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        45864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3776                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       422120                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.012798                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          131                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40077                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1549716                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1048                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2885544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12397728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012379                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40124                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37893                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1511954                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40124                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       320992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2728296                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12095632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         2304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       320992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.120893                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1447093                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4317013                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1399241                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       143032                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    104190696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34536104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11193928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1144256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.078423                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1447170                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19515                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       123642                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       782174                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1399241                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       617067                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1447170                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     11577360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1405080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       989136                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56316528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     11193928                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4936536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     11577360                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013372                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        48481                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       109927                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1541292                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3490632                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       879416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12330336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012195                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        48554                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        32212                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1509204                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          811                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          245                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        48554                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       388432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2319264                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     12073632                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        58392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       388432                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.039362                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       804786                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3495                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       391653                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          875                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       700524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       308871                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       804786                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6438288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28199016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7000                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5604192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2470968                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6438288                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.051709                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          359                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           43                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       729934                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       700524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       805301                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     52555248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5604192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6442408                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.039116                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2       783827                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3487                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       392001                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       700922                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       308921                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       783827                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6270616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27896                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28224072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5607376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2471368                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6270616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.051586                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          166                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       730083                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       700922                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       784533                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     52565976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5607376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6276264                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000011                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1747                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        13976                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013653                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          145                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        52541                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       121216                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1109                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1537209                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3782952                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       969728                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12297672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012798                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          131                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40077                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        88456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1549716                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2885544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       707648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3          320                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12397728                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.120893                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3          125                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1447093                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      4317013                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1399241                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       143032                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    104190696                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     34536104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     11193928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1144256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.013372                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        48481                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4       109927                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1541292                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3490632                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       879416                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     12330336                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.039362                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       804786                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3495                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       391653                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          875                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       700524                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       308871                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       804786                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6438288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28199016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         7000                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5604192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2470968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6438288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.039116                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2       783827                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4         3487                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       392001                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2       700922                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       308921                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       783827                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      6270616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        27896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     28224072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2      5607376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      2471368                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      6270616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000015                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           83                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        13312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    727539770                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.435536                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.030216                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.480950                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   727191352     99.95%     99.95% |      306617      0.04%     99.99% |       10825      0.00%    100.00% |       10593      0.00%    100.00% |       16606      0.00%    100.00% |        3702      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     727539770                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    725260522                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.062818                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015177                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.790082                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   720704613     99.37%     99.37% |           0      0.00%     99.37% |           0      0.00%     99.37% |           0      0.00%     99.37% |           0      0.00%     99.37% |     4555909      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    725260522                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2279248                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.035138                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   110.945409                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.626328                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1930830     84.71%     84.71% |      306617     13.45%     98.17% |       10825      0.47%     98.64% |       10593      0.46%     99.11% |       16606      0.73%     99.83% |        3702      0.16%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2279248                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    114226980                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.727330                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.038878                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.675308                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   114185582     99.96%     99.96% |       29202      0.03%     99.99% |        3883      0.00%     99.99% |        1744      0.00%     99.99% |        4985      0.00%    100.00% |        1507      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     114226980                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113472464                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.032480                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.007819                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.568986                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   113103906     99.68%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |           0      0.00%     99.68% |      368556      0.32%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113472464                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       754516                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.226543                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    99.772366                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.951565                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      713118     94.51%     94.51% |       29202      3.87%     98.38% |        3883      0.51%     98.90% |        1744      0.23%     99.13% |        4985      0.66%     99.79% |        1507      0.20%     99.99% |          59      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       754516                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783267821                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001129                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.265397                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  6783263939    100.00%    100.00% |        3493      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |         166      0.00%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   6783267821                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6783232098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000155                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.080465                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  6782792876     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      439222      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   6783232098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        35723                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    92.509784                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    78.042552                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.412519                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       31841     89.13%     89.13% |        3493      9.78%     98.91% |          77      0.22%     99.13% |          76      0.21%     99.34% |         166      0.46%     99.80% |          68      0.19%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        35723                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       949365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.043787                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.148781                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.351073                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      948981     99.96%     99.96% |         354      0.04%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       949365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       934560                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.341155                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.085245                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.815260                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      902677     96.59%     96.59% |           0      0.00%     96.59% |           0      0.00%     96.59% |           0      0.00%     96.59% |           0      0.00%     96.59% |       31883      3.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       934560                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14805                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.397163                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    41.688382                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.480601                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       14421     97.41%     97.41% |         354      2.39%     99.80% |           6      0.04%     99.84% |           4      0.03%     99.86% |          10      0.07%     99.93% |           8      0.05%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        14805                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354173                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.473266                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.291797                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.111265                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      353331     99.76%     99.76% |         747      0.21%     99.97% |          33      0.01%     99.98% |          10      0.00%     99.99% |          41      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       354173                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       334507                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.173330                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.042438                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.305090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      328709     98.27%     98.27% |           0      0.00%     98.27% |           0      0.00%     98.27% |           0      0.00%     98.27% |           0      0.00%     98.27% |        5798      1.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       334507                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19666                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.603224                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    49.603918                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.425706                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       18824     95.72%     95.72% |         747      3.80%     99.52% |          33      0.17%     99.68% |          10      0.05%     99.74% |          41      0.21%     99.94% |           9      0.05%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        19666                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       354173                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354173    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       354173                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       354173                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354173    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       354173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7618186376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7618186376    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   7618186376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       219083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.204187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.140269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.282079                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      219074    100.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       219083                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       218552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.026859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.006589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.514365                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      217929     99.71%     99.71% |          45      0.02%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |         578      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       218552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       218552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.011585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.608445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |      218542    100.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       218552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       218552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.070633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      218521     99.99%     99.99% |          31      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       218552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       218552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.112870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.812005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      112043     51.27%     51.27% |       64198     29.37%     80.64% |       18648      8.53%     89.17% |          47      0.02%     89.19% |          43      0.02%     89.21% |          25      0.01%     89.23% |       23548     10.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       218552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5401948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.998930                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.997178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.103436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         578      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     5401368     99.99%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5401948                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2884875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.817888                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.269621                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.976512                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2489954     86.31%     86.31% |      340410     11.80%     98.11% |       14824      0.51%     98.62% |       12427      0.43%     99.06% |       21808      0.76%     99.81% |        5294      0.18%     99.99% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2884875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      2884875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.070415                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.012540                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     1.059738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     2872188     99.56%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |          19      0.00%     99.56% |           0      0.00%     99.56% |       12618      0.44%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      2884875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      2884875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.110506                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.055238                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     1.631867                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2865961     99.34%     99.34% |        6246      0.22%     99.56% |        4586      0.16%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |        8082      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      2884875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      2884875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000113                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000106                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.018618                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2884848    100.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      2884875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      2884875                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    88.636854                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    81.515493                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    57.088511                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     2814730     97.57%     97.57% |       21133      0.73%     98.30% |       12169      0.42%     98.72% |       14444      0.50%     99.22% |       22120      0.77%     99.99% |         163      0.01%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      2884875                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    720704592                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   720704592    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    720704592                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       147253                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.480126                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.455907                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.567198                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      147246    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       147253                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4555930                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999954                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999878                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.021469                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          21      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4555909    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4555930                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2131995                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.013335                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.522671                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.986889                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1783580     83.66%     83.66% |      306614     14.38%     98.04% |       10825      0.51%     98.55% |       10593      0.50%     99.04% |       16606      0.78%     99.82% |        3702      0.17%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2131995                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113103424                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113103424    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    113103424                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33218                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.851496                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.740175                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.911952                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       32624     98.21%     98.21% |         254      0.76%     98.98% |         339      1.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        33218                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       369040                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.986945                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.965608                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.361171                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         482      0.13%      0.13% |           0      0.00%      0.13% |           0      0.00%      0.13% |           0      0.00%      0.13% |           0      0.00%      0.13% |      368556     99.87%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       369040                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       721298                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.467531                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   104.602775                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.097832                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      679900     94.26%     94.26% |       29202      4.05%     98.31% |        3883      0.54%     98.85% |        1744      0.24%     99.09% |        4985      0.69%     99.78% |        1507      0.21%     99.99% |          59      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       721298                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   6782792876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  6782792876    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   6782792876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10670                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.241893                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.238284                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.496749                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10611     99.45%     99.45% |          59      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10670                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       439222                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      439222    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       439222                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        25053                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.751806                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.255721                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.959987                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       21171     84.50%     84.50% |        3493     13.94%     98.45% |          77      0.31%     98.75% |          76      0.30%     99.06% |         166      0.66%     99.72% |          68      0.27%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        25053                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       902677                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      902677    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       902677                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13266                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.931705                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.863639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.237772                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       13254     99.91%     99.91% |           6      0.05%     99.95% |           5      0.04%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13266                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31883                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       31883    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        31883                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1539                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.988304                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.354379                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.116332                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1155     75.05%     75.05% |         354     23.00%     98.05% |           6      0.39%     98.44% |           4      0.26%     98.70% |          10      0.65%     99.35% |           8      0.52%     99.87% |           2      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1539                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       328709                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      328709    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       328709                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14676                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.974721                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.876503                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.695793                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       14561     99.22%     99.22% |          81      0.55%     99.77% |          31      0.21%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14676                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5798                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5798    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5798                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4990                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.037675                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.630381                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.490414                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4148     83.13%     83.13% |         747     14.97%     98.10% |          33      0.66%     98.76% |          10      0.20%     98.96% |          41      0.82%     99.78% |           9      0.18%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4990                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       354098                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      354098    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       354098                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           75                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          75    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           75                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      208294     50.82%     50.82% |      201554     49.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       409848                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      599794     50.61%     50.61% |      585431     49.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1185225                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |      700524     49.99%     49.99% |      700922     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      1401446                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       39385     56.47%     56.47% |       30357     43.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        69742                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |      765401     50.39%     50.39% |      753470     49.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      1518871                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        2350     49.59%     49.59% |        2389     50.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4739                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          62     78.48%     78.48% |          17     21.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      306521     50.00%     50.00% |      306532     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       613053                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      391591     49.97%     49.97% |      391984     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       783575                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          43     51.81%     51.81% |          40     48.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           83                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      729972     49.99%     49.99% |      730122     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1460094                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      392528     49.98%     49.98% |      392873     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       785401                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |        3495     50.06%     50.06% |        3487     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total         6982                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         875     50.09%     50.09% |         872     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         1747                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         359     68.38%     68.38% |         166     31.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |       14368     62.92%     62.92% |        8466     37.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        22834                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |       14706     56.05%     56.05% |       11529     43.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        26235                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        2412     50.06%     50.06% |        2406     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4818                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        7916     52.42%     52.42% |        7186     47.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        15102                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       37502     58.69%     58.69% |       26397     41.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        63899                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |      698112     49.99%     49.99% |      698516     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      1396628                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          41     59.42%     59.42% |          28     40.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           69                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        6765     49.42%     49.42% |        6923     50.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total        13688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      185043     50.00%     50.00% |      185021     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total       370064                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      538085     50.00%     50.00% |      538111     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1076196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          81     73.64%     73.64% |          29     26.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         359     68.38%     68.38% |         166     31.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       32179     58.06%     58.06% |       23248     41.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        55427                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |      765042     50.39%     50.39% |      753295     49.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      1518337                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          81     80.20%     80.20% |          20     19.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         359     68.38%     68.38% |         166     31.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         360     68.44%     68.44% |         166     31.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          526                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         359     68.38%     68.38% |         166     31.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        6765     49.42%     49.42% |        6923     50.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total        13688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |      723169     50.00%     50.00% |      723160     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      1446329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        6765     49.42%     49.42% |        6923     50.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total        13688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        3328     50.00%     50.00% |        3328     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         6656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |         152     49.35%     49.35% |         156     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total          308                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |          15     83.33%     83.33% |           3     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total           77                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         832     50.00%     50.00% |         832     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         843     50.63%     50.63% |         822     49.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total         1665                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |        2374     50.78%     50.78% |        2301     49.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total         4675                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        2350     49.59%     49.59% |        2389     50.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4739                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          62     78.48%     78.48% |          17     21.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      306521     50.00%     50.00% |      306532     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total       613053                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      391591     49.97%     49.97% |      391984     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total       783575                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          62     78.48%     78.48% |          17     21.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      391634     49.98%     49.98% |      392024     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       783658                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1664                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          83    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           83                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1664    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1986373      0.54%      0.54% |     1113108      0.31%      0.85% |   360285224     98.75%     99.60% |     1445586      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    364830291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10182079      0.00%      0.00% |     5088247      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072789411840    100.00%    100.00% |     7283458      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072811964416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1539013      2.62%      2.62% |      818657      1.39%      4.01% |    55297076     94.11%     98.12% |     1103861      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     58758607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        1677      0.12%      0.12% |          59      0.00%      0.12% |     1404195     99.77%     99.89% |        1568      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1407499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |      138516      3.24%      3.24% |       80511      1.89%      5.13% |     3946732     92.42%     97.55% |      104842      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      4270601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       36933      1.47%      1.47% |       15444      0.62%      2.09% |     2430957     96.98%     99.07% |       23251      0.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2506585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       71878     29.04%     29.04% |       43499     17.58%     46.62% |       80000     32.32%     78.94% |       52114     21.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       247491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      108811      3.95%      3.95% |       58943      2.14%      6.09% |     2510957     91.17%     97.26% |       75365      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2754076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |      389525     31.65%     31.65% |      399748     32.48%     64.12% |       44235      3.59%     67.72% |      397355     32.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      1230863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1147684     32.42%     32.42% |     1149968     32.48%     64.90% |       98797      2.79%     67.69% |     1143937     32.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      3540386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         145     27.62%     27.62% |         131     24.95%     52.57% |         125     23.81%     76.38% |         124     23.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |      110679      2.42%      2.42% |       72276      1.58%      4.00% |     4299249     93.97%     97.97% |       93090      2.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      4575294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       10537     17.18%     17.18% |       16180     26.39%     43.57% |       17764     28.97%     72.54% |       16837     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        61318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        9669     26.73%     26.73% |        7879     21.78%     48.52% |        9661     26.71%     75.23% |        8961     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        36170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       15373     27.43%     27.43% |       11375     20.29%     47.72% |       13485     24.06%     71.78% |       15821     28.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        56054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       27499      1.84%      1.84% |       20823      1.39%      3.23% |     1423947     95.19%     98.42% |       23699      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      1495968                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |        1109      0.08%      0.08% |          40      0.00%      0.08% |     1399241     99.84%     99.92% |        1056      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      1401446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       15725     22.56%     22.56% |       15106     21.68%     44.24% |       19417     27.86%     72.10% |       19444     27.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        69692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       37040      2.44%      2.44% |       25018      1.65%      4.09% |     1427753     94.00%     98.08% |       29110      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1518921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       28857      2.49%      2.49% |       26467      2.29%      4.78% |     1070876     92.56%     97.34% |       30759      2.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1156959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3700     15.69%     15.69% |        3672     15.57%     31.26% |       10796     45.77%     77.03% |        5417     22.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        23585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       14403      3.65%      3.65% |        7721      1.96%      5.61% |      362702     92.03%     97.64% |        9291      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       394117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |      372002     31.93%     31.93% |      382060     32.79%     64.72% |       31992      2.75%     67.47% |      379009     32.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      1165063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1098857     32.42%     32.42% |     1113139     32.85%     65.27% |       68201      2.01%     67.28% |     1108728     32.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      3388925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      286350      5.13%      5.13% |      190584      3.42%      8.55% |     4828297     86.57%     95.12% |      272038      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      5577269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6684932     27.66%     27.66% |     4923889     20.37%     48.03% |     5628148     23.29%     71.31% |     6933450     28.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     24170419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5484     41.67%     41.67% |        2189     16.63%     58.30% |        2604     19.79%     78.09% |        2884     21.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        13161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |         568      9.38%      9.38% |          19      0.31%      9.70% |        4954     81.84%     91.54% |         512      8.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         6053                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       65498     22.75%     22.75% |       56552     19.65%     42.40% |       95412     33.15%     75.55% |       70394     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       287856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        9116     12.87%     12.87% |        5650      7.97%     20.84% |       47302     66.76%     87.60% |        8788     12.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        70856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       49094     27.88%     27.88% |       41538     23.59%     51.47% |       34451     19.57%     71.04% |       50992     28.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       176075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        7279     25.74%     25.74% |        6912     24.44%     50.18% |        5499     19.44%     69.62% |        8593     30.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        28283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |       20653     33.68%     33.68% |        9841     16.05%     49.73% |       17950     29.27%     79.00% |       12874     21.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        61318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       21075     24.25%     24.25% |        6264      7.21%     31.46% |       40137     46.19%     77.65% |       19423     22.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        86899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |     1032306     24.82%     24.82% |       34664      0.83%     25.65% |     2919190     70.18%     95.83% |      173581      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      4159741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |         181     51.57%     51.57% |          40     11.40%     62.96% |          74     21.08%     84.05% |          56     15.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |         198      4.11%      4.11% |           2      0.04%      4.15% |        4491     93.21%     97.36% |         127      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |       16319     41.90%     41.90% |        3369      8.65%     50.55% |       15711     40.34%     90.89% |        3549      9.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        38948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2312     29.10%     29.10% |        1900     23.92%     53.02% |        1266     15.94%     68.96% |        2466     31.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         7944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       13981     47.37%     47.37% |         987      3.34%     50.71% |       13916     47.15%     97.86% |         633      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        29517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        4417     19.71%     19.71% |        9334     41.65%     61.35% |        1324      5.91%     67.26% |        7338     32.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        22413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        5746     21.90%     21.90% |       10907     41.57%     63.48% |        1432      5.46%     68.93% |        8150     31.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        26235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      158320      0.11%      0.11% |      147566      0.10%      0.21% |   147801992     99.69%     99.90% |      150575      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    148258453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     2388305      0.00%      0.00% |       81655      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072780771328    100.00%    100.00% |      116644      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072783357952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        5041      1.15%      1.15% |        2508      0.57%      1.72% |      427234     97.07%     98.79% |        5345      1.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       440128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |         291      0.05%      0.05% |           8      0.00%      0.05% |      612754     99.93%     99.98% |         146      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       613199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |       17719      0.85%      0.85% |        5537      0.27%      1.12% |     2050248     98.56%     99.68% |        6645      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      2080149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2856      0.20%      0.20% |        1363      0.10%      0.30% |     1400786     99.55%     99.85% |        2146      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1407151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        8803     21.01%     21.01% |         974      2.32%     23.33% |       31633     75.50%     98.83% |         489      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        41899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         933     41.10%     41.10% |         184      8.11%     49.21% |         218      9.60%     58.81% |         935     41.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        7534     25.72%     25.72% |       10822     36.94%     62.66% |        2887      9.86%     72.52% |        8050     27.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        29293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           2      2.78%      2.78% |           7      9.72%     12.50% |          61     84.72%     97.22% |           2      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     1464609      0.71%      0.71% |      730188      0.35%      1.06% |   204299390     98.48%     99.54% |      954364      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    207448551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |     1502219      2.60%      2.60% |      800304      1.39%      3.99% |    54310117     94.14%     98.13% |     1079918      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     57692558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |         620      0.08%      0.08% |          30      0.00%      0.08% |      781996     99.82%     99.90% |         783      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total       783429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |       38980      2.09%      2.09% |       15053      0.81%      2.90% |     1785361     95.80%     98.70% |       24254      1.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1863648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |       22649      2.22%      2.22% |        6531      0.64%      2.86% |      981603     96.18%     99.03% |        9851      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1020634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        4892     38.12%     38.12% |        1258      9.80%     47.93% |        5202     40.54%     88.47% |        1480     11.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        12832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       14893     43.03%     43.03% |        5257     15.19%     58.22% |        8327     24.06%     82.27% |        6135     17.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        34612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |         143     31.57%     31.57% |         124     27.37%     58.94% |          64     14.13%     73.07% |         122     26.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        9019     12.80%     12.80% |        5622      7.98%     20.77% |       47187     66.95%     87.72% |        8658     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        70486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       49094     27.88%     27.88% |       41538     23.59%     51.47% |       34451     19.57%     71.04% |       50992     28.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total       176075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          97     26.22%     26.22% |          28      7.57%     33.78% |         115     31.08%     64.86% |         130     35.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        2269     28.82%     28.82% |        1893     24.04%     52.86% |        1263     16.04%     68.90% |        2449     31.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         7874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |       13981     47.37%     47.37% |         987      3.34%     50.71% |       13916     47.15%     97.86% |         633      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        29517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |          43     61.43%     61.43% |           7     10.00%     71.43% |           3      4.29%     75.71% |          17     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           70                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |        1805      0.13%      0.13% |         957      0.07%      0.20% |     1384471     99.70%     99.89% |        1462      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      1388695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        8803     21.01%     21.01% |         974      2.32%     23.33% |       31633     75.50%     98.83% |         489      1.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        41899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |        1051      5.69%      5.69% |         406      2.20%      7.89% |       16315     88.40%     96.29% |         684      3.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total        18456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |       13963      1.68%      1.68% |        2747      0.33%      2.02% |      806781     97.31%     99.32% |        5603      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       829094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        8686      4.53%      4.53% |        3784      1.98%      6.51% |      174822     91.27%     97.78% |        4248      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       191540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       27921      2.47%      2.47% |       12156      1.07%      3.54% |     1079395     95.35%     98.89% |       12543      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      1132015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3722     41.57%     41.57% |        1916     21.40%     62.97% |        1000     11.17%     74.14% |        2315     25.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         8953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       10683      2.77%      2.77% |        5805      1.51%      4.28% |      361702     93.91%     98.19% |        6976      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total       385166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        5639     38.55%     38.55% |        3504     23.96%     62.51% |        3335     22.80%     85.31% |        2148     14.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        14626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        5579     41.24%     41.24% |        2217     16.39%     57.62% |        2719     20.10%     77.72% |        3014     22.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        13529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         672     53.21%     53.21% |         141     11.16%     64.37% |         231     18.29%     82.66% |         219     17.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |         224     53.21%     53.21% |          47     11.16%     64.37% |          77     18.29%     82.66% |          73     17.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |       10309     47.87%     47.87% |        1536      7.13%     55.00% |        2809     13.04%     68.05% |        6881     31.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        21535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        9301     41.37%     41.37% |        4133     18.38%     59.75% |        3719     16.54%     76.30% |        5329     23.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        22482                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          61      6.31%      6.31% |         747     77.25%     83.56% |          72      7.45%     91.00% |          87      9.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          63     70.79%     70.79% |          15     16.85%     87.64% |           5      5.62%     93.26% |           6      6.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           89                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        7449     19.56%     19.56% |       17484     45.91%     65.47% |        4782     12.56%     78.02% |        8369     21.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        38084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       16753      1.51%      1.51% |       15003      1.35%      2.86% |     1062240     95.64%     98.49% |       16717      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1110713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        1740     28.73%     28.73% |        1651     27.26%     55.98% |        1391     22.97%     78.95% |        1275     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         6057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        3723     21.47%     21.47% |        4537     26.16%     47.63% |        3871     22.32%     69.95% |        5211     30.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        17342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       10746      2.79%      2.79% |        5820      1.51%      4.30% |      361707     93.89%     98.19% |        6982      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       385255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       48215      1.45%      1.45% |       24785      0.75%      2.20% |     3196381     96.32%     98.52% |       49256      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      3318637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        5320     12.07%     12.07% |       14064     31.90%     43.97% |       14288     32.41%     76.38% |       10412     23.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        44084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         368      2.69%      2.69% |        3746     27.37%     30.06% |        5942     43.41%     73.47% |        3632     26.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total        13688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       15373     27.43%     27.43% |       11375     20.29%     47.72% |       13485     24.06%     71.78% |       15821     28.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        56054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       16816      1.51%      1.51% |       15018      1.35%      2.87% |     1062245     95.63%     98.49% |       16723      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1110802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |          44     11.92%     11.92% |          73     19.78%     31.71% |          88     23.85%     55.56% |         164     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         958     14.15%     14.15% |         868     12.82%     26.98% |        2691     39.75%     66.73% |        2252     33.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         6769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           1      2.22%      2.22% |           4      8.89%     11.11% |          37     82.22%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        6751     21.23%     21.23% |        8133     25.58%     46.82% |        8445     26.56%     73.38% |        8463     26.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        31792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        5217     30.27%     30.27% |        2116     12.28%     42.55% |        3476     20.17%     62.72% |        6425     37.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        17234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       15725     22.56%     22.56% |       15106     21.68%     44.24% |       19417     27.86%     72.10% |       19444     27.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        69692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          16     32.00%     32.00% |          15     30.00%     62.00% |          10     20.00%     82.00% |           9     18.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           50                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |         198      4.11%      4.11% |           2      0.04%      4.15% |        4491     93.21%     97.36% |         127      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4670     99.94%     99.94% |           3      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total         4673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           4      0.24%      0.24% |           0      0.00%      0.24% |        1657     99.58%     99.82% |           3      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total         1664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |         911      0.07%      0.07% |          38      0.00%      0.07% |     1394750     99.87%     99.93% |         929      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      1396628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       58210     23.57%     23.57% |       47188     19.11%     42.68% |       81753     33.11%     75.79% |       59780     24.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       246931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       16293     43.49%     43.49% |        2887      7.71%     51.20% |       15182     40.53%     91.73% |        3099      8.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        37461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       11659      0.80%      0.80% |        2337      0.16%      0.97% |     1432419     98.85%     99.82% |        2635      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1449050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       22649      2.22%      2.22% |        6531      0.64%      2.86% |      981603     96.18%     99.03% |        9851      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1020634                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
