
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.809880                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1809879761500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54038425986001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114128                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   170075                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              284873062                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1814892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6353.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   725088804                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1080534307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    190635776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         190635776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     86997376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       86997376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2978684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2978684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1359334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1359334                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    105330630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            105330630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     48068042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            48068042                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    153398672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           153398672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2978684                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1359334                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2978684                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1359334                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             190293056                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 342720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               86996864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              190635776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            86997376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  5355                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           192224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           186501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           188721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           190786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           186701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           182208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           183736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           185764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           184684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           182966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          184783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          184545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          184292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          184965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          184338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          186115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            90445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            85808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            86529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            87151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            85293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            83122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            82596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            82882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            84198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            84601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           84809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           83339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           84696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           83648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           84871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           85338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1809879762000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2978684                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1359334                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2966704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  2119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  2261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 84074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 84760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 84763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 84759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 84754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 84755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 84730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 84740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 84712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 84717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 84710                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 84702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 84694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 84700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 84693                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 84684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1967135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.961339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.207023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   205.443401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1559593     79.28%     79.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       145008      7.37%     86.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68477      3.48%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        47196      2.40%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        39956      2.03%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        19377      0.99%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        27113      1.38%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12174      0.62%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48241      2.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1967135                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        84681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.202785                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.983424                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   162.723856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        84247     99.49%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           52      0.06%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           30      0.04%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           68      0.08%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           64      0.08%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           13      0.02%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           16      0.02%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           63      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           38      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           13      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            9      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            9      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      0.00%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            7      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        84681                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        84681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.052314                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.049382                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.318576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           82434     97.35%     97.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              79      0.09%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            2153      2.54%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        84681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 48921817885                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           104671736635                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               14866645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16453.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35203.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      105.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       48.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   105.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    48.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1828213                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 537307                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               39.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    417213.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7516643400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              4101343125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            11696185800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4431192480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        118435487040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        573829585470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        584616697500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1304627134815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           719.479376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 966871283501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  60435960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 782572759999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7373494800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              4023236250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11555739000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4377240000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        118435487040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        573758727345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        584678853750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1304202778185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           719.245350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 967530879000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  60435960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 781915828500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    190213760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         190213760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     86862656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       86862656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2972090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2972090                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1357229                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1357229                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    105097457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            105097457                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     47993606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            47993606                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    153091063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           153091063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2972090                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1357229                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2972090                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1357229                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             189878976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 334784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               86861312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              190213760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            86862656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  5231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           192819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           186509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           185793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           188235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           185231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           182383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           183647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           185585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           184892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           182875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          184783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          184274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          184473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          184711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          184254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          186395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            90610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            85770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            84510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            87842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            84367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            83254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            82679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            82964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            83802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            84619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           84835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           83662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           84222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           83812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           84878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           85382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1809879523500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2972090                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1357229                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2961388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  2032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 84049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 84658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 84644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 84656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 84649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 84632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 84621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 84629                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 84608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 84603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 84602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 84598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 84593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 84589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 84583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 84583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1962741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.996910                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.165168                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   205.600669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1558086     79.38%     79.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       142284      7.25%     86.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68134      3.47%     90.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        47267      2.41%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        40066      2.04%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        19373      0.99%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        27083      1.38%     96.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12579      0.64%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        47869      2.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1962741                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        84577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.169810                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.892175                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   175.638971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        84240     99.60%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           77      0.09%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           66      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           51      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559           51      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           20      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583           17      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095           16      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            7      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            6      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        84577                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        84577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.047010                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.044369                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.302419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           82559     97.61%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              75      0.09%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1928      2.28%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        84577                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 48823413923                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           104452020173                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               14834295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16456.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35206.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      104.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       47.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   105.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    47.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1823419                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 537907                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               39.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    418051.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   54.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7487393760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              4085383500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            11645821200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            4419334080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        118435487040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        573699470715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        584730833250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1304503723545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           719.411316                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 967046912751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  60435960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 782397133749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7369714800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              4021173750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11555863800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4375373760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        118435487040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        573677969175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        584749694250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1304185276575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           719.235698                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 967686264004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  60435960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 781760443496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3620807030                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1436725                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3136469                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3068927                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      93038                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       206264                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3068927                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6236575                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2542988                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1725726                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             936613                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       740490                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     457112                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    283378                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3610882589.838838                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              9924440.161162                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002741                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997259                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           327536                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                54284      1.73%      1.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2317665     73.89%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5910      0.19%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    18123      0.58%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  457112     14.57%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 283378      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3136472                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3617709352                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3868431                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7742423                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7603158                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     201734                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       651719                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7603158                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           15131571                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           6187106                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4880601                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2631787                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1753051                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1136749                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    616302                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3596489818.200444                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              21219533.799556                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.005865                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.994135                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           889878                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                56197      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5905502     76.27%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7843      0.10%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    18577      0.24%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.02%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1136749     14.68%     92.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 616302      7.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7742514                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3623070073                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1324708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2851888                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2788477                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      77938                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       201340                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2788477                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            5675368                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2312830                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1611268                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             843441                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       680496                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     421747                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    258749                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3614823180.470878                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              8246892.529122                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002276                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997724                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           304924                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                54161      1.90%      1.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2092452     73.37%     75.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5558      0.19%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    19214      0.67%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  421747     14.79%     90.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 258749      9.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2851911                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3621695086                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717110119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1064323927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            463834164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     897369                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10828763                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   463834164                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          971754792                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         343727748                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111617505                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201613868                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129328317                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75429158                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53899159                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              11727071.363106                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3609968014.636894                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996762                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003238                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12016781                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               313526      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431291697     40.52%     40.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   87866      0.01%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2248      0.00%     40.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.29%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75429158      7.09%     94.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53899159      5.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1064340450                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  83                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1876                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1876                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          948                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          928                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1985                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     7612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                33496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              119500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1058500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1068997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1066000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1169256                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              713500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              855500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              696500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              710500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              128768925                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.862320                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.480957                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   114902710     89.23%     89.23% |       16676      0.01%     89.24% |    13845144     10.75%    100.00% |        1132      0.00%    100.00% |        3246      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                128768925                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1225993540                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000435                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1225993308    100.00%    100.00% |         232      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1225993540                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1225993540                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.974737                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.068350                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.528583                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1225843605     99.99%     99.99% |      140966      0.01%    100.00% |        7983      0.00%    100.00% |         878      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1225993540                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1202543839                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1202543839    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1202543839                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23449701                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    51.961021                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    31.710167                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.226913                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    23299766     99.36%     99.36% |      140966      0.60%     99.96% |        7983      0.03%    100.00% |         878      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23449701                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       712160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27968                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       740128                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1863386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        46644                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1910030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1673194                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        81826                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1755020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      5017875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        43960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5061835                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       652513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        27960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       680473                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1725562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        34981                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1760543                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    143072613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     23138742                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166211355                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1047826536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        47620                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1047874156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     17485337                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      5964364                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     23449701                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            11                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.007153                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0        74612                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        53582                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        81590                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54787                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22908                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1462                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9089                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0       596896                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       428656                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5874480                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       438296                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       183264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       105264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       654408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.014045                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0       125786                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52307                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       134080                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        99470                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        75950                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        42151                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8895                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13901                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1006288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       418456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9653760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       795760                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       607600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3034872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       640440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       111208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.005984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0        62941                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        45675                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        67026                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        42388                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22542                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1975                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7857                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1141                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       503528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       365400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4825872                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       339104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       180336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       142200                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       565704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     2.842969                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0     23186362                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37244                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1     23186342                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23151559                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23129676                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13783969                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7032                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9333616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0    185490896                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       297952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1669416624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    185212472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    185037408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    992445768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       506304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74668928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     3.510705                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0     29400475                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       112629                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1     32109195                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1     32458295                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23251076                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13829557                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32873                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9349157                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0    235203800                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       901032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2311862040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    259666360                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    186008608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    995728104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2366856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74793256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.321854                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0      2978684                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4338018                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4580568                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0     23829472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    312337296                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36644544                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.321192                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0      2972090                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4329319                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4569547                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0     23776720                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    311710968                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36556376                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.780492                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0     29400475                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       188808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1     32122785                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1     32478307                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23251076                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13829557                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32873                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9349157                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0    235203800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1510464                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2312840520                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    259826456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    186008608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    995728104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2366856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74793256                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        88201425                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       490245                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     96368355                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    167188149                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     41587290                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     28047471                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        705611400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3921960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   6938521560                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1337505192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   2994284880                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    224379768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009782                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        53582                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70993                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15661                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       428656                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5111496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       125288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004523                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        74612                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10597                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        39126                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22908                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1462                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9089                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       596896                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       762984                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       313008                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       183264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       105264                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       654408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017020                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52307                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       124307                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61067                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       418456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8950104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       488536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011070                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       125786                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9773                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38403                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        75950                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        42151                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8895                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        13901                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1006288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       703656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       307224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       607600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3034872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       640440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       111208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008441                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        45675                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        62025                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7159                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       365400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4465800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        57272                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003527                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        62941                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5001                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        35229                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        22542                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1975                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7857                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1141                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       503528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       360072                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       281832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       180336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       142200                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       565704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     3.202235                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37244                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     23185243                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23121972                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       297952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1669337496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    184975776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     2.483703                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     23186362                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1099                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29587                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23129676                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13783969                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7032                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9333616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    185490896                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        79128                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       236696                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    185037408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    992445768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       506304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74668928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     3.322601                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     23449701                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5963654                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6055672                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23251076                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13829557                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32873                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9349157                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    187597608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    429383088                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48445376                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    186008608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    995728104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2366856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74793256                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     3.698808                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5950774                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       112629                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     26145541                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     26402623                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     47606192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       901032                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1882478952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    211220984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.232382                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2978684                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1359334                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1610617                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     23829472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97872048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12884936                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.411327                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2978684                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2969951                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    214465248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23759608                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.231967                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2972090                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1357229                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1606159                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     23776720                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97720488                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12849272                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.410417                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2972090                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2963388                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    213990480                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23707104                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009782                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        53582                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70993                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15661                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       428656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5111496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       125288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017020                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        52307                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       124307                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        61067                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       418456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8950104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       488536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.008441                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        45675                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        62025                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7159                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       365400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4465800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        57272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     3.202235                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37244                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1     23185243                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23121972                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       297952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1669337496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    184975776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     3.322601                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     23449701                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      5963654                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6055672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23251076                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13829557                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        32873                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9349157                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0    187597608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    429383088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48445376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    186008608                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    995728104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2366856                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74793256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.232382                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0      2978684                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1359334                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1610617                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0     23829472                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97872048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12884936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.231967                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0      2972090                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1357229                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1606159                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0     23776720                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     97720488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12849272                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      69879491                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.584864                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.190178                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    56042011     80.20%     80.20% |        5420      0.01%     80.21% |    13827715     19.79%     99.99% |        1112      0.00%    100.00% |        3216      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        69879491                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      58700626                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.004949                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.167111                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    58626765     99.87%     99.87% |       45126      0.08%     99.95% |        3879      0.01%     99.96% |        7377      0.01%     99.97% |       17281      0.03%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        58700626                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        188808                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000085                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.013018                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      188800    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          188808                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     88508877                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       8.021061                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.681354                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     31.138429                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88438928     99.92%     99.92% |       65173      0.07%     99.99% |        4111      0.00%    100.00% |         577      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      88508877                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     75012726                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75012726    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     75012726                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13496151                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.044698                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.191956                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.541818                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    13426202     99.48%     99.48% |       65173      0.48%     99.96% |        4111      0.03%    100.00% |         577      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     13496151                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     54798089                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      11.194428                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.847226                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     41.854965                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    54645420     99.72%     99.72% |       73690      0.13%     99.86% |       66357      0.12%     99.98% |        8458      0.02%     99.99% |        2925      0.01%    100.00% |         920      0.00%    100.00% |         235      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      54798089                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45304202                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45304202    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     45304202                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9493887                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    59.841568                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.541109                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.141180                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     9341218     98.39%     98.39% |       73690      0.78%     99.17% |       66357      0.70%     99.87% |        8458      0.09%     99.96% |        2925      0.03%     99.99% |         920      0.01%    100.00% |         235      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9493887                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056606564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.007977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000547                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.128873                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1056604372    100.00%    100.00% |        1359      0.00%    100.00% |         755      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1056606564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1056433359                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1056433359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1056433359                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       173205                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.664242                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.023007                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.526750                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      171013     98.73%     98.73% |        1359      0.78%     99.52% |         755      0.44%     99.95% |          52      0.03%     99.98% |          20      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       173205                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25597500                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.238545                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.032165                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.713292                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25592615     99.98%     99.98% |        4448      0.02%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25597500                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25327561                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25327561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     25327561                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       269939                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.620455                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.126623                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.306165                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      265054     98.19%     98.19% |        4448      1.65%     99.84% |         135      0.05%     99.89% |         141      0.05%     99.94% |         110      0.04%     99.98% |          40      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       269939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       241255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.758604                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.238064                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.755892                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      240764     99.80%     99.80% |         451      0.19%     99.98% |          12      0.00%     99.99% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       241255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       224736                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      224736    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       224736                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16519                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.683879                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.619614                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.789790                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       16028     97.03%     97.03% |         451      2.73%     99.76% |          12      0.07%     99.83% |          15      0.09%     99.92% |          12      0.07%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16519                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       241255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      241255    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       241255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       241255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      241255    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       241255                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     2978684     50.06%     50.06% |     2972090     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      5950774                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |     1359334     50.04%     50.04% |     1357229     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2716563                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2978684     50.06%     50.06% |     2972090     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5950774                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1359334     50.04%     50.04% |     1357229     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2716563                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |     1610617     50.07%     50.07% |     1606159     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3216776                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     2978684     50.06%     50.06% |     2972090     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      5950774                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |     1359334     50.04%     50.04% |     1357229     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2716563                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |     1610617     50.07%     50.07% |     1606159     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3216776                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     2978684     50.06%     50.06% |     2972090     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      5950774                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1359334     50.04%     50.04% |     1357229     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2716563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      419104      0.47%      0.47% |     1036976      1.17%      1.65% |      391992      0.44%      2.09% |    86660805     97.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     88508877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1910030      0.18%      0.18% |     5061835      0.48%      0.66% |     1760543      0.17%      0.83% |  1047874156     99.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1056606564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      321024      0.40%      0.40% |      718044      0.89%      1.28% |      288481      0.36%      1.64% |    79550550     98.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     80878099                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       48215     27.52%     27.52% |       47298     26.99%     54.51% |       43086     24.59%     79.10% |       36619     20.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       175218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       31272      0.13%      0.13% |       87337      0.37%      0.51% |       24504      0.11%      0.61% |    23158780     99.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     23301893                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         137     19.30%     19.30% |         245     34.51%     53.80% |         177     24.93%     78.73% |         151     21.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        5230     40.61%     40.61% |        4764     36.99%     77.59% |        2412     18.73%     96.32% |         474      3.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        12880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         443     20.16%     20.16% |         472     21.48%     41.65% |         765     34.82%     76.47% |         517     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        8917      0.07%      0.07% |       52982      0.39%      0.46% |        8526      0.06%      0.52% |    13387426     99.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     13457851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2289     17.77%     17.77% |        2331     18.10%     35.87% |        4721     36.65%     72.52% |        3539     27.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        12880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       59344      0.60%      0.60% |       68522      0.69%      1.28% |       48013      0.48%      1.76% |     9793761     98.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      9969640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        9638     54.10%     54.10% |        3064     17.20%     71.30% |        2362     13.26%     84.56% |        2751     15.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        17815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4062     43.54%     43.54% |        1951     20.91%     64.45% |        1681     18.02%     82.47% |        1636     17.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         9330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        1961      0.01%      0.01% |       56052      0.24%      0.25% |        3116      0.01%      0.26% |    23117585     99.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     23178714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        7670      0.06%      0.06% |       51277      0.38%      0.44% |        8164      0.06%      0.50% |    13399095     99.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total     13466206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       22556     25.17%     25.17% |       23772     26.53%     51.70% |       14730     16.44%     68.14% |       28552     31.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total        89610                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        1212      0.01%      0.01% |       12288      0.13%      0.14% |        2114      0.02%      0.16% |     9731133     99.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      9746747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        3430     18.13%     18.13% |        5201     27.49%     45.61% |        2068     10.93%     56.54% |        8223     43.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        18922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        8596     28.71%     28.71% |        9912     33.10%     61.81% |       10501     35.07%     96.87% |         936      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        29945                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       24088     28.82%     28.82% |       20188     24.15%     52.96% |       20251     24.23%     77.19% |       19068     22.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        83595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        6871     25.96%     25.96% |        6870     25.96%     51.92% |        6265     23.67%     75.59% |        6459     24.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        26465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        4772     29.40%     29.40% |        5085     31.33%     60.73% |        4025     24.80%     85.53% |        2348     14.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        16230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       73109     23.49%     23.49% |      100767     32.38%     55.87% |       82089     26.37%     82.24% |       55275     17.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       311240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1863386      0.18%      0.18% |     5017875      0.47%      0.65% |     1725562      0.16%      0.81% |  1047826536     99.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1056433359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        3619     50.74%     50.74% |        1479     20.73%     71.47% |         916     12.84%     84.31% |        1119     15.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         7133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       31197     28.30%     28.30% |       29148     26.44%     54.74% |       29093     26.39%     81.13% |       20796     18.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       110234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       24539     22.94%     22.94% |       26200     24.50%     47.44% |       17363     16.23%     63.68% |       38847     36.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       106949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       39893      0.07%      0.07% |      198486      0.32%      0.39% |       40212      0.07%      0.45% |    61014169     99.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     61292760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        1918      0.05%      0.05% |       31767      0.78%      0.82% |        1785      0.04%      0.87% |     4052625     99.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4088095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4499     34.11%     34.11% |        4054     30.74%     64.85% |        4068     30.84%     95.69% |         568      4.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        13189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |         499      0.01%      0.01% |       13901      0.15%      0.15% |        1141      0.01%      0.17% |     9333616     99.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      9349157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          82     21.81%     21.81% |         174     46.28%     68.09% |          67     17.82%     85.90% |          53     14.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        1969     27.67%     27.67% |        3608     50.70%     78.36% |        1428     20.06%     98.43% |         112      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         7117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      289836      2.16%      2.16% |      676534      5.05%      7.21% |      251026      1.87%      9.08% |    12191330     90.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     13408726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      307404      0.46%      0.46% |      665640      0.99%      1.45% |      277401      0.41%      1.87% |    65759214     98.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     67009659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        9089     27.65%     27.65% |        8895     27.06%     54.71% |        7857     23.90%     78.61% |        7032     21.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        32873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        1462      0.01%      0.01% |       42151      0.30%      0.32% |        1975      0.01%      0.33% |    13783969     99.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total     13829557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          55     16.47%     16.47% |          71     21.26%     37.72% |         110     32.93%     70.66% |          98     29.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          334                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        3261     56.59%     56.59% |        1156     20.06%     76.64% |         984     17.07%     93.72% |         362      6.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         5763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        8917      0.07%      0.07% |       52982      0.39%      0.46% |        8526      0.06%      0.52% |    13387426     99.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     13457851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2289     17.77%     17.77% |        2331     18.10%     35.87% |        4721     36.65%     72.52% |        3539     27.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        12880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       51704     26.03%     26.03% |       49836     25.09%     51.12% |       40399     20.34%     71.46% |       56686     28.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       198625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         443     20.16%     20.16% |         472     21.48%     41.65% |         765     34.82%     76.47% |         517     23.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        7640      0.08%      0.08% |       18686      0.19%      0.27% |        7614      0.08%      0.35% |     9737075     99.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      9771015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        9638     54.10%     54.10% |        3064     17.20%     71.30% |        2362     13.26%     84.56% |        2751     15.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        17815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        4062     43.54%     43.54% |        1951     20.91%     64.45% |        1681     18.02%     82.47% |        1636     17.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         9330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        1961      0.01%      0.01% |       56052      0.24%      0.25% |        3116      0.01%      0.26% |    23117585     99.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     23178714                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       173205      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       13496154      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        9773212      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         7133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       23178714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2685898      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3247441      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       5950774      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        5933339      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          38636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         7117      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              65497      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          56836      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          12880      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     23238196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        39847      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3210245      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2700682      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       133349      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        25420      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2197      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         7133      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        43126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     10247606      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7069623      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2682949      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3160681      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        12880      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          710      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     23178714      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         2428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        43634      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      5933339      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         2208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          220      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        30665      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all        12969      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          64848      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        43126      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            649      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          521      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      3210245      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        39847      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      2700682      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         9330      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     23228866      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         5750      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         7104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        12854      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.840465                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1840465199500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54069011424001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 114367                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   171163                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283919510                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2090348                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6482.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   741368551                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1109540734                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    192144512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         192144512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     88070208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       88070208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3002258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            3002258                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1376097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1376097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104399970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            104399970                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     47852145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            47852145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    152252115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           152252115                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    3002258                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1376097                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  3002258                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1376097                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             191798080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 346432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               88069568                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              192144512                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            88070208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  5413                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           193770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           187643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           190271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           192524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           188156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           183246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           184475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           187074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           186968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           184443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          186515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          186076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          185774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          186014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          185612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          188284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            91639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            86735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            87624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            88536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            86438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            83944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            83067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            83864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            85654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            85601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           85948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           84410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           85766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           84385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           85733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           86743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1840465094000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              3002258                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1376097                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                2989418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   7409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  2172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  2316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 85030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 85807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 85809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 85804                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 85803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 85803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 85779                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 85792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 85762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 85765                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 85757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 85747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 85739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 85742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 85735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 85724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1986996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.849660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.286308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   204.863717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1571965     79.11%     79.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       149929      7.55%     86.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69805      3.51%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        47773      2.40%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        40235      2.02%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        19552      0.98%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        27204      1.37%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12212      0.61%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48321      2.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1986996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        85721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.050023                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   161.740686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        85287     99.49%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           52      0.06%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767           30      0.03%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023           68      0.08%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279           64      0.07%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535           13      0.02%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791           16      0.02%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-2047           63      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2303           38      0.04%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559           13      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            9      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2816-3071            7      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            9      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            9      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            4      0.00%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            6      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            7      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4352-4607            3      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5375            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            3      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5632-5887            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6400-6655            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6912-7167            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7423            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7424-7679            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7680-7935            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        85721                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        85721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.053091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.050102                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.321848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           83416     97.31%     97.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              83      0.10%     97.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            2203      2.57%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              18      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        85721                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 49342127863                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           105532971613                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               14984225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16464.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35214.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      104.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       47.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   104.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    47.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1841455                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 544481                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               39.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    420355.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              7585114320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              4138703250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            11778234000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4483168560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        120433110720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        579914428950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        597629749500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1325962509300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           719.116302                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 988478348001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  61457240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 790527939749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              7455173040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              4067802750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            11657115600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4433875200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        120433110720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        581311110780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        596404590000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1325762778090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           719.007981                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 986990695000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  61457240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 792020930250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    191712704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         191712704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     87931328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       87931328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2995511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            2995511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1373927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1373927                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    104165351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            104165351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     47776686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            47776686                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    151942037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           151942037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    2995511                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1373927                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  2995511                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1373927                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             191374720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 337984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               87930112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              191712704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            87931328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  5281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    5                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           194358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           187665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           187276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           189947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           186639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           183420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           184376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           186855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           187281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           184301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          186521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          185796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          185972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          185756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          185495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          188572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            91797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            86708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            85589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            89238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            85477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            84070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            83150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            83929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            85265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            85595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           85987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           84734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           85291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           84547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           85738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           86793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1840463981500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              2995511                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1373927                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                2983956                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6259                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  2089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 85005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 85699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 85687                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 85701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 85694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 85681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 85663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 85671                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 85649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 85646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 85644                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 85637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 85635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 85633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 85623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 85620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1982381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.893683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.244088                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   205.041419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      1570420     79.22%     79.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       147038      7.42%     86.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69408      3.50%     90.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        47867      2.41%     92.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        40345      2.04%     94.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        19547      0.99%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        27183      1.37%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12617      0.64%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        47956      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1982381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        85614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.016878                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    24.853855                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   174.578517                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-511        85277     99.61%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023           77      0.09%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535           66      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047           51      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559           51      0.06%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071           20      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583           17      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095           16      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            7      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            6      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5120-5631            4      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5632-6143            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6655            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            3      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7168-7679            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7680-8191            5      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        85614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        85614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.047702                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.045020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.304752                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           83543     97.58%     97.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              75      0.09%     97.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1980      2.31%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        85614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 49247421159                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           105314233659                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               14951150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16469.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35219.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      103.98                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       47.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   104.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    47.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1836547                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 545210                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               39.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    421212.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   54.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              7554821400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              4122174375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            11726426400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            4470927840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        120433110720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        579593788560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        597911013000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1325812262295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           719.034818                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 988934228002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  61457240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 790072996498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              7450765560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              4065397875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            11657552400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4431996000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        120433110720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        581245854615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        596461832250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1325746509420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           718.999158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 987121516754                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  61457240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 791888300746                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3676841685                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2291080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4768744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4672573                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5771                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     133539                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       329829                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4672573                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5771                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            9490384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3822893                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                9353                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               4559                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2596741                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1462953                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1139951                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     702523                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    437428                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3662169002.286747                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              14672682.713253                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003991                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996009                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           506496                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                63701      1.34%      1.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3534869     74.12%     75.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    7161      0.15%     75.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    18883      0.40%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   4322      0.09%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  702523     14.73%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 437428      9.17%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4768903                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3680637293                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   15515954                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     28025789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             27736342                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 11126                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     565373                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2035967                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    27736342                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        11126                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           55314338                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          22845925                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               18068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               8791                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            16165720                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           11216279                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5969315                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3717105                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2252210                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3614666342.572876                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              65970950.427124                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.017924                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.982076                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2777910                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                89642      0.32%      0.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 21894673     78.12%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   43318      0.15%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    20873      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   8262      0.03%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3717105     13.26%     91.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2252210      8.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  28026131                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3684532084                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3997349                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7854898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7731921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 31910                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     175086                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       589058                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7731921                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        31910                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15638662                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6215424                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               51416                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              24972                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4214939                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2376724                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1865803                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1100782                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    765021                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3664239903.092885                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              20292180.907115                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005507                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994493                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           851719                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                74863      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5861431     74.62%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7962      0.10%     75.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    21188      0.27%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  23864      0.30%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1100782     14.01%     90.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 765021      9.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7855127                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3682865962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  718215347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1066411703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            465883913                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708839770                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     946183                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10985390                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   465883913                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708839770                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          975992896                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         345356275                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593839377                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654313303                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           112721609                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          202304623                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129855305                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75738352                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54116953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              66745188.530121                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3616120773.469879                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.981877                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.018123                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12237915                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               329194      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                432832371     40.59%     40.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   89308      0.01%     40.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     4015      0.00%     40.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503318198     47.20%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75738352      7.10%     94.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54116953      5.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1066428407                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 3267                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                3267                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3762                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3762                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               282                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              282                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6918                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   14622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           34                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3202                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2367                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6669                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          349                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3635                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          988                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          777                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    18531                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                82000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              1992982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1365997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1393490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1391491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1489749                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              371498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1246000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             5750500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1859000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  8                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  79                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              258743404                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.862564                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.481381                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   230910909     89.24%     89.24% |    27825127     10.75%    100.00% |        7282      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                258743404                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2479795772                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000686                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2479794605    100.00%    100.00% |        1167      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2479795772                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2479795772                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.968256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.067932                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.482777                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2479495083     99.99%     99.99% |      282732      0.01%    100.00% |       15985      0.00%    100.00% |        1756      0.00%    100.00% |         208      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2479795772                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2432633978                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2432633978    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2432633978                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     47161794                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    51.911508                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    31.684651                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.169206                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    46861105     99.36%     99.36% |      282732      0.60%     99.96% |       15985      0.03%    100.00% |        1756      0.00%    100.00% |         208      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     47161794                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1096791                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        47016                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1143807                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      2979436                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        56727                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3036163                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      5768770                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       207325                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5976095                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits     20272997                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        63909                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses     20336906                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1818159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        55792                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1873951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      5306881                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        55989                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5362870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits    143577466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses     23164428                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166741894                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits   1049269639                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        60907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1049330546                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     17692130                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      6019963                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     23712093                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            57                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.009986                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       103743                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58653                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       113315                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        73560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        40719                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9228                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9331                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6772                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0       829944                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469224                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8158680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       588480                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       325752                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       664416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       671832                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.031413                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0       271234                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60125                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       282032                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       226080                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       198690                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       134417                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8999                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        40067                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2169872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       481000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     20306304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1808640                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1589520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9678024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       647928                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       320536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.010632                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0       111781                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        51764                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       117926                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        70209                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48076                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        15398                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8266                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9335                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0       894248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       414112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8490672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       561672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       384608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1108656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       595152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        74680                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     2.799764                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0     23225335                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44193                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1     23228153                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23178038                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23153690                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13796425                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7332                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9341015                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0    185802680                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       353544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1672427016                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    185424304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    185229520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    993342600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       527904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74728120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     3.486186                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0     29709862                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2       133204                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1     32444703                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1     32707995                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23441175                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13955468                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9397189                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0    237678896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1065632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2336018616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    261663960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    187529400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1004793696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2442816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     75177512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.319335                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0      3002258                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4378293                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4611019                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0     24018064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    315237096                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36888152                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.318668                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Control::0      2995511                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      4369374                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      4599755                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Control::0     23964088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    314594928                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     36798040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.775171                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Control::0     29709862                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::2       214735                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::1     32466899                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::1     32733328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23441175                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13955468                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9397319                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Control::0    237678896                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1717880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   2337616728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    261866624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    187529400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1004793696                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2442816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     75178552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        89129586                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       562674                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     97400697                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    168523509                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     41968188                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     28192341                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        713036688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      4501392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   7012850184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1348188072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   3021709536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    225538728                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013364                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58653                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        99286                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31578                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469224                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7148592                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252624                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       103743                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14029                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        41982                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        40719                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         9228                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         9331                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6772                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       829944                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1010088                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       335856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       325752                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       664416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       671832                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.036124                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60125                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       268549                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       182332                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       481000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19335528                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1458656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026703                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       271234                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13483                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43748                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       198690                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       134417                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8999                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        40067                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2169872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       970776                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       349984                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1589520                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      9678024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       647928                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       320536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014548                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        51764                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       109774                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31260                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       414112                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7903728                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       250080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006717                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       111781                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        38949                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        48076                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        15398                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         8266                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9335                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       894248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       586944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       311592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       384608                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1108656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       595152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        74680                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     3.154054                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44193                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     23223200                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23144104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       353544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1672070400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    185152832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     2.445474                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     23225335                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4953                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        33934                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23153690                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13796425                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         7332                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9341015                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    185802680                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       356616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       271472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    185229520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    993342600                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       527904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     74728120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     3.296916                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     23712093                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6016192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6113616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23441175                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13955468                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9397189                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    189696744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    433165824                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48908928                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    187529400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1004793696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2442816                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     75177512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     3.675456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      5997769                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2       133204                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     26428511                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     26594379                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0     47982152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1065632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1902852792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    212755032                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.230976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      3002258                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1376033                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1617492                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     24018064                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     99074376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12939936                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.407695                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      3002260                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2993527                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    216162720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23948216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.230557                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0      2995511                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1373863                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1612946                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0     23964088                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     98918136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12903568                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.406779                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2995511                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1      2986809                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    215676792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     23894472                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013364                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        58653                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        99286                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31578                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       469224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7148592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       252624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     0.036124                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        60125                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       268549                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       182332                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       481000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     19335528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1458656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.014548                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        51764                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       109774                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        31260                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       414112                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7903728                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       250080                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     3.154054                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44193                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1     23223200                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1     23144104                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       353544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1672070400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    185152832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     3.296916                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0     23712093                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1      6016192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1      6113616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2     23441175                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0     13955468                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1        33928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9397189                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0    189696744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    433165824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     48908928                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    187529400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0   1004793696                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1      2442816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     75177512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.230976                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0      3002258                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1376033                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1617492                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0     24018064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     99074376                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12939936                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.230557                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0      2995511                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1373863                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1      1612946                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0     23964088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     98918136                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     12903568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples     140385416                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.585145                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.190599                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |   112594792     80.20%     80.20% |    27783350     19.79%     99.99% |        7189      0.01%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total       140385416                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     117954445                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.005523                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.179431                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   117888137     99.94%     99.94% |       24437      0.02%     99.96% |       41717      0.04%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       117954445                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        403543                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000094                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.013723                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      403524    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          403543                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    180544552                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.913512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.668177                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     30.907360                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   180404263     99.92%     99.92% |      130726      0.07%     99.99% |        8233      0.00%    100.00% |        1154      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     180544552                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    153429349                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   153429349    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    153429349                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     27115203                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.033100                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.184384                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.526026                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    26974914     99.48%     99.48% |      130726      0.48%     99.96% |        8233      0.03%    100.00% |        1154      0.00%    100.00% |         168      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     27115203                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    112038367                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      11.001313                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.826323                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     41.470840                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   111731963     99.73%     99.73% |      148126      0.13%     99.86% |      133013      0.12%     99.98% |       16930      0.02%     99.99% |        5855      0.01%    100.00% |        1842      0.00%    100.00% |         470      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     112038367                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     92986036                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    92986036    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     92986036                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19052331                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    59.813317                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.532017                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    85.104469                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    18745927     98.39%     98.39% |      148126      0.78%     99.17% |      133013      0.70%     99.87% |       16930      0.09%     99.96% |        5855      0.03%     99.99% |        1842      0.01%    100.00% |         470      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19052331                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2134673049                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.008840                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000634                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.168973                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2134668225    100.00%    100.00% |        3074      0.00%    100.00% |        1591      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2134673049                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2134262312                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2134262312    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2134262312                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       410737                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.945566                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    26.927421                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.649564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      405913     98.83%     98.83% |        3074      0.75%     99.57% |        1591      0.39%     99.96% |         106      0.03%     99.99% |          41      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       410737                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51434740                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.238926                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.032144                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.729786                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51424795     99.98%     99.98% |        9046      0.02%    100.00% |         281      0.00%    100.00% |         292      0.00%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51434740                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     50892889                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50892889    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     50892889                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       541851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    23.679814                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.150518                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.487973                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      531906     98.16%     98.16% |        9046      1.67%     99.83% |         281      0.05%     99.89% |         292      0.05%     99.94% |         222      0.04%     99.98% |          82      0.02%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       541851                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       552532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.153390                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.269464                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.225700                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      550916     99.71%     99.71% |        1449      0.26%     99.97% |          60      0.01%     99.98% |          61      0.01%     99.99% |          37      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       552532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       510860                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      510860    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       510860                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        41672                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    29.551953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.654356                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.567260                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       40056     96.12%     96.12% |        1449      3.48%     99.60% |          60      0.14%     99.74% |          61      0.15%     99.89% |          37      0.09%     99.98% |           5      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        41672                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       552532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      552532    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       552532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       552532                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      552532    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       552532                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |     3002258     50.06%     50.06% |     2995511     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      5997769                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |     1376033     50.04%     50.04% |     1373863     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      2749896                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     3002258     50.06%     50.06% |     2995511     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      5997769                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1376097     50.04%     50.04% |     1373927     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2750024                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |     1617492     50.07%     50.07% |     1612946     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      3230438                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |     3002258     50.06%     50.06% |     2995511     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      5997769                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |     1376031     50.04%     50.04% |     1373863     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      2749894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |     1617492     50.07%     50.07% |     1612946     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      3230438                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     3002258     50.06%     50.06% |     2995511     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      5997769                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1376031     50.04%     50.04% |     1373863     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2749894                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      653966      0.71%      0.71% |     3371901      3.66%      4.37% |     1054741      1.15%      5.52% |    86955067     94.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     92035675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3036163      0.28%      0.28% |    20336906      1.89%      2.17% |     5362871      0.50%      2.67% |  1049330546     97.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1078066486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      489841      0.59%      0.59% |     2604194      3.11%      3.70% |      819210      0.98%      4.68% |    79786827     95.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     83700072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       51313     26.65%     26.65% |       52747     27.40%     54.05% |       47215     24.52%     78.57% |       41266     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       192541                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       58706      0.25%      0.25% |      230565      0.98%      1.23% |       71369      0.30%      1.53% |    23195937     98.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     23556577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         651     17.26%     17.26% |        1273     33.76%     51.02% |         946     25.09%     76.11% |         901     23.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         3771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        6689     36.31%     36.31% |        6105     33.14%     69.45% |        3603     19.56%     89.00% |        2026     11.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        18423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         539     20.24%     20.24% |         631     23.70%     43.94% |         854     32.07%     76.00% |         639     24.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         2663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       18714      0.14%      0.14% |      127992      0.94%      1.08% |       21809      0.16%      1.24% |    13398728     98.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     13567243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        3467     18.82%     18.82% |        3999     21.71%     40.53% |        6043     32.80%     73.33% |        4914     26.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        18423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       76566      0.76%      0.76% |      135927      1.34%      2.10% |       81068      0.80%      2.90% |     9818919     97.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total     10112480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       10582     46.68%     46.68% |        4532     19.99%     66.67% |        3666     16.17%     82.84% |        3890     17.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        22670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4996     35.82%     35.82% |        3316     23.78%     59.60% |        2861     20.51%     80.11% |        2774     19.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        13947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       16000      0.07%      0.07% |      174484      0.75%      0.82% |       24733      0.11%      0.92% |    23137440     99.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     23352657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       19418      0.14%      0.14% |      130241      0.96%      1.10% |       24619      0.18%      1.28% |    13412971     98.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total     13587249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       32600     21.19%     21.19% |       43706     28.41%     49.60% |       35703     23.21%     72.81% |       41821     27.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       153830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        6910      0.07%      0.07% |       56618      0.58%      0.65% |       11603      0.12%      0.77% |     9741145     99.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      9816276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        4806     16.33%     16.33% |        9266     31.48%     47.82% |        4354     14.79%     62.61% |       11004     37.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        29430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        9060     28.49%     28.49% |       10385     32.65%     61.14% |       10949     34.43%     95.57% |        1409      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        31803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       24127     28.82%     28.82% |       20203     24.14%     52.96% |       20286     24.24%     77.20% |       19086     22.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        83702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        7170     25.66%     25.66% |        7396     26.46%     52.12% |        6614     23.67%     75.79% |        6767     24.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        27947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        6542     28.44%     28.44% |        6499     28.26%     56.70% |        5794     25.19%     81.89% |        4164     18.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        22999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      100670     15.47%     15.47% |      300239     46.14%     61.61% |      160260     24.63%     86.24% |       89546     13.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       650715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2979436      0.28%      0.28% |    20272997      1.88%      2.16% |     5306881      0.49%      2.65% |  1049269639     97.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1077828953                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4458     39.50%     39.50% |        2685     23.79%     63.29% |        2007     17.78%     81.07% |        2136     18.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        11286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |       32552     28.19%     28.19% |       30374     26.30%     54.49% |       30371     26.30%     80.79% |       22177     19.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       115474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       36164     19.99%     19.99% |       49582     27.41%     47.39% |       40842     22.57%     69.97% |       54333     30.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       180921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      104260      0.17%      0.17% |      514917      0.83%      1.00% |      170541      0.28%      1.28% |    61093172     98.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     61882890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        4617      0.11%      0.11% |       79746      1.92%      2.03% |        5910      0.14%      2.18% |     4055644     97.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      4145917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        4623     33.73%     33.73% |        4108     29.97%     63.70% |        4224     30.82%     94.51% |         752      5.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        13707                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        6772      0.07%      0.07% |       40067      0.43%      0.50% |        9335      0.10%      0.60% |     9341015     99.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      9397189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |         105      8.54%      8.54% |         455     37.02%     45.57% |         345     28.07%     73.64% |         324     26.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         1229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |        2471     27.41%     27.41% |        4104     45.53%     72.94% |        1860     20.63%     93.58% |         579      6.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         9014                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      420558      2.65%      2.65% |     2416119     15.21%     17.86% |      688372      4.33%     22.19% |    12357969     77.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     15883018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      466686      0.67%      0.67% |     2457749      3.53%      4.20% |      793076      1.14%      5.33% |    65981135     94.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     69698646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        9331     27.50%     27.50% |        8999     26.52%     54.03% |        8266     24.36%     78.39% |        7332     21.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        33928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        9228      0.07%      0.07% |      134417      0.96%      1.03% |       15398      0.11%      1.14% |    13796425     98.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total     13955468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         546     21.48%     21.48% |         818     32.18%     53.66% |         601     23.64%     77.30% |         577     22.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         2542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        4218     44.83%     44.83% |        2001     21.27%     66.10% |        1743     18.52%     84.62% |        1447     15.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         9409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       18714      0.14%      0.14% |      127992      0.94%      1.08% |       21809      0.16%      1.24% |    13398728     98.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     13567243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        3467     18.82%     18.82% |        3999     21.71%     40.53% |        6043     32.80%     73.33% |        4914     26.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        18423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       63024     23.26%     23.26% |       72544     26.78%     50.04% |       63705     23.51%     73.55% |       71645     26.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       270918                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         539     20.24%     20.24% |         631     23.70%     43.94% |         854     32.07%     76.00% |         639     24.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       13542      0.14%      0.14% |       63383      0.64%      0.78% |       17363      0.18%      0.96% |     9747274     99.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      9841562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       10581     46.68%     46.68% |        4532     19.99%     66.67% |        3666     16.17%     82.84% |        3890     17.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        22669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        4996     35.82%     35.82% |        3316     23.78%     59.60% |        2861     20.51%     80.11% |        2774     19.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        13947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       16000      0.07%      0.07% |      174484      0.75%      0.82% |       24733      0.11%      0.92% |    23137440     99.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     23352657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR       237532      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       13619284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        9844227      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        11286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       23352657      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2718555      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean      3261777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data       5997769      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack        5980334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          43337      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9014      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack              70146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all          63134      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          18423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     23422752      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR        47284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      3232850      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      2717635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR       190230      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        33386      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         2664      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        11284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          870      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean        48557      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     10334393      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      7120155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      2714687      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean      3168585      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        18423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         3771      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     23352657      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         2998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean        44635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack      5980334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         2589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all          411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data        31339      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all        13296      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack          69131      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all        48557      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1015      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          870      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data      3232850      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data        47284      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data      2717635      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        13948      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS          173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     23408804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         9389      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         8996      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           38      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data           20      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        18385      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
