
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.405266                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2405265666500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55235916768501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 157166                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   284894                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              287908930                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1973044                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8354.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1313004918                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2380079766                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     84641984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          84641984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     83905280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       83905280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1322531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1322531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1311020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1311020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     35190285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             35190285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     34883997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            34883997                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     70074282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            70074282                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1322531                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1311020                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1322531                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1311020                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              78025408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                6616576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               79688704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               84641984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            83905280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                103384                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                65890                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            81363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            73441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            72545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            74728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            86018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            67745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            74812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            75644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            72172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            74789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           83604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           76726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           73614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           76363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           79309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           76274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            84338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            76168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            74205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            75773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            89215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            68274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            80714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            76531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            73642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            74670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           83917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           79159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           75157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           76390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           81076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           75907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2405265605500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1322531                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1311020                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1216047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  5803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  6206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 76649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 77098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 77100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 77119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 77149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 77135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 77168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 77229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 77160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 77078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 77044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 77039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 77036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 77029                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 77021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 77021                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       916709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.043813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   123.919861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   177.728902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       419328     45.74%     45.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       307673     33.56%     79.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        89055      9.71%     89.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        42241      4.61%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        23120      2.52%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11680      1.27%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7050      0.77%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4450      0.49%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12112      1.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       916709                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        77021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.828826                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     9.021845                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         76692     99.57%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          302      0.39%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            3      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            2      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::992-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        77021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        77021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.166188                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.156547                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.580104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           70975     92.15%     92.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              95      0.12%     92.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            5199      6.75%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             712      0.92%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              32      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        77021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 19420428209                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            42279434459                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                6095735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    15929.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               34679.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       32.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       33.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    35.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    34.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  718943                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 828629                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                58.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               66.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    913316.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3645265680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              1988984250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             4972765200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4253601600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        158160125760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        548266597110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        971960107500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1693247447100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           699.257665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1611416605750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80317120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 713533272000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3558688560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1941744750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5047325400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4240369440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        158160125760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        550759060620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        969773736000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1693481050530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           699.354136                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1607851659752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80317120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 717096824748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70408448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          70408448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     69676288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       69676288                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1100132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1100132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1088692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1088692                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29272628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             29272628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     28968230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            28968230                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     58240858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            58240858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1100132                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1088692                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1100132                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1088692                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              65203008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                5205440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               65923136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               70408448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            69676288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 81335                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                58637                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            71036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            61542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            58429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            62238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            69508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            56450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            61122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            62725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            60252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            63696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           70206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           63487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           64310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           62817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           66878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           64101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            71999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            63119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            60599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            62999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            70714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            57792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            63793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            63221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            60197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            63252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           69777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           66643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           63831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           62270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           66634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           63209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2405265767500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1100132                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1088692                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1016304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  4282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  4505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 63475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 63881                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 63893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 63887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 63930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 63921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 63923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 63884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 63853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 63813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 63797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 63802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 63798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 63785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 63784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 63784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       767813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   170.779000                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.555923                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.076067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       399885     52.08%     52.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       205880     26.81%     78.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        67029      8.73%     87.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        34190      4.45%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        31599      4.12%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9603      1.25%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5207      0.68%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3819      0.50%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        10601      1.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       767813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.972532                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    11.560602                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         63766     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        63784                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.149019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.140216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.554771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           59318     93.00%     93.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              81      0.13%     93.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            3799      5.96%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             527      0.83%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              51      0.08%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        63784                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 15695225215                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34797668965                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                5093985000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    15405.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               34155.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       27.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       27.41                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    29.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    28.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  629048                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 651989                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               63.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1098884.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3032641080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              1654714875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             4164966000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3531917520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        158160125760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        432693600885                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1073339928750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1676577894870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           692.373667                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1780803575251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  80317120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 544144931249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3033994320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1655453250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             4285764600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3562483680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        158160125760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        432766233990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1073276215500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1676740271100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           692.440723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1780744880999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  80317120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 544203782501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      4807069196                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1297408873                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2348645701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1506675699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130300403                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     803538                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    160858561                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1506675699                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130300403                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2940054458                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1033756008                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382500491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075410492                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           938954521                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          528038994                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    388315852                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  349934465                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38381387                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              32506100.528430                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4774563095.471570                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.993238                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.006762                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166252233                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3901331      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1228733983     52.32%     52.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4265825      0.18%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                      692      0.00%     52.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723444344     30.80%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               349934465     14.90%     98.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38381387      1.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2348662027                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      4810234117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    5199123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     10431214                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             10244869                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     265505                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       906716                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    10244869                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           20213065                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8336476                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             6711722                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3567207                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2289338                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1488178                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    801160                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4771830443.914184                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              38403673.085817                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007984                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992016                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1224115                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                75912      0.73%      0.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  8030144     76.98%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   11838      0.11%     77.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    22637      0.22%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.01%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1488178     14.27%     92.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 801160      7.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  10431303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      4811314543                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1954904                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4183334                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4095563                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     110556                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       324212                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4095563                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8195520                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3384576                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2510450                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1280781                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       949726                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     590788                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    358938                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              4794846965.344823                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              16467577.655177                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003423                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996577                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           470556                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                73121      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3127036     74.75%     76.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7607      0.18%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    25836      0.62%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  590788     14.12%     91.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 358938      8.58%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4183356                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      4812082702                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3685756                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7577025                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7360765                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     166450                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       604039                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7360765                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14343850                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6073197                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4604907                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2811958                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1542087                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     959093                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    582994                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              4782643712.169939                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              29438989.830060                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006118                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993882                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           830761                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                79272      1.05%      1.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5920148     78.13%     79.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    8431      0.11%     79.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    26928      0.36%     79.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  959093     12.66%     92.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 582994      7.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7577110                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  404                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 404                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                56                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               56                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1656                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1246                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1858                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    7148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2748                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           88                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    11389                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1607500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              114000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1726448                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1566488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1520490                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1489989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               75460                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1217500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1341500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1376000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                5784266                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002633                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.146755                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     5782039     99.96%     99.96% |         204      0.00%     99.97% |         279      0.00%     99.97% |         637      0.01%     99.98% |         978      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  5784266                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2274064537                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001962                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001361                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.044255                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2269601978     99.80%     99.80% |     4462559      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2274064537                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2274064537                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.139943                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.005820                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.758107                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2273766170     99.99%     99.99% |      128370      0.01%     99.99% |      129243      0.01%    100.00% |       17744      0.00%    100.00% |       17433      0.00%    100.00% |        4476      0.00%    100.00% |         686      0.00%    100.00% |         403      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2274064537                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2271172414                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2271172414    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2271172414                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2892123                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.036235                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    95.849361                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.556855                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2593756     89.68%     89.68% |      128370      4.44%     94.12% |      129243      4.47%     98.59% |       17744      0.61%     99.20% |       17433      0.60%     99.81% |        4476      0.15%     99.96% |         686      0.02%     99.99% |         403      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2892123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       492380                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      2399743                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits   2252824715                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      2253561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   2255078276                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           623                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      8781001                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       250407                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      9031408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3342135                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       169104                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      3511239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6224563                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       219051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6443614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.234244                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2      2253561                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2      2183840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2323515                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2253804                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2     18028488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2    157236480                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    167293080                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18030432                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.026047                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2       250407                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2       112568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       388621                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250813                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2003256                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2      8104896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27980712                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2006504                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.017562                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       169104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        25672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       312255                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       168824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2      1352832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      1848384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22482360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1350592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.022749                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       219051                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2        77632                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       360112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       218702                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      1752408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      5589504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25928064                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1749616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.139279                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      1543215                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      1311020                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1311042                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1543228                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     12345720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2     94393440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     94395024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     12345824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.116457                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      1348908                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      1088692                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1088701                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1348915                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     10791264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2     78385824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     78386472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10791320                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.001194                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.069691                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2      2892123                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2      2399712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2892123                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2892143                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2     23136984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2    172779264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    208232856                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     23137144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         8676369                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            7199136                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      8745282                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      8745342                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         69410952                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           518337792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    629660304                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     69962736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.234235                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2253561                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2253804                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    162256392                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18030432                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.234254                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      2253561                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      2183840                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        69954                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     18028488                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    157236480                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5036688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.026031                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       250407                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250813                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18029304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2006504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026062                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       250407                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       112568                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       138214                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2003256                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      8104896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9951408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017574                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       168824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12175488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1350592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017550                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       169104                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        25672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       143151                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1352832                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1848384                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10306872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022764                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       219051                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       218702                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15771672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1749616                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022734                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       219051                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        77632                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       141061                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1752408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5589504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10156392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.138799                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1543215                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1311020                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     12345720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     94393440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.139759                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1311042                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1543228                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     94395024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     12345824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.115981                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1348908                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1088692                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     10791264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     78385824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.116934                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1088701                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1348915                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     78386472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10791320                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002149                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000239                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       183768                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.234235                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2253561                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2253804                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    162256392                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18030432                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.026031                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       250407                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       250813                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18029304                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2006504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.017574                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       169104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       168824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12175488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1350592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.022764                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       219051                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       218702                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15771672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1749616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.138799                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      1543215                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      1311020                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11524                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     12345720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2     94393440                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.115981                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      1348908                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      1088692                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     10791264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2     78385824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91576                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.002149                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1653912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2892123                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000293                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.046746                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2892004    100.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2892123                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       2892143                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.004973                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.202183                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     2890035     99.93%     99.93% |         199      0.01%     99.93% |         276      0.01%     99.94% |         604      0.02%     99.96% |         902      0.03%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         2892143                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    356462005                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.627437                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.024400                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.326026                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   356247422     99.94%     99.94% |       86062      0.02%     99.96% |       97164      0.03%     99.99% |       14498      0.00%    100.00% |       12906      0.00%    100.00% |        3115      0.00%    100.00% |         521      0.00%    100.00% |         310      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     356462005                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    354631862                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   354631862    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    354631862                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1830143                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.207552                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.445088                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.876482                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1615560     88.28%     88.28% |       86062      4.70%     92.98% |       97164      5.31%     98.29% |       14498      0.79%     99.08% |       12906      0.71%     99.78% |        3115      0.17%     99.95% |         521      0.03%     99.98% |         310      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1830143                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     39962985                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.502373                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.059617                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.851836                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    39904262     99.85%     99.85% |       23020      0.06%     99.91% |       27970      0.07%     99.98% |        2651      0.01%     99.99% |        3698      0.01%    100.00% |        1148      0.00%    100.00% |         146      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      39962985                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     39473880                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    39473880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     39473880                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       489105                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.753399                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.459675                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.148290                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      430382     87.99%     87.99% |       23020      4.71%     92.70% |       27970      5.72%     98.42% |        2651      0.54%     98.96% |        3698      0.76%     99.72% |        1148      0.23%     99.95% |         146      0.03%     99.98% |          86      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       489105                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875981799                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.017229                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001175                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.238904                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1875960351    100.00%    100.00% |       16737      0.00%    100.00% |        3298      0.00%    100.00% |         515      0.00%    100.00% |         706      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1875981799                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1875427423                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1875427423    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1875427423                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       554376                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    59.301220                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    53.107908                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.378650                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      532928     96.13%     96.13% |       16737      3.02%     99.15% |        3298      0.59%     99.75% |         515      0.09%     99.84% |         706      0.13%     99.97% |         171      0.03%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       554376                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1235550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.594552                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023405                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.960619                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1234087     99.88%     99.88% |        1118      0.09%     99.97% |         266      0.02%     99.99% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1235550                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1229392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1229392    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1229392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.291816                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.731184                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.813795                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4695     76.24%     76.24% |        1118     18.16%     94.40% |         266      4.32%     98.72% |          29      0.47%     99.19% |          31      0.50%     99.69% |          17      0.28%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       211099                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.040929                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.315571                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    33.299727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      208949     98.98%     98.98% |        1433      0.68%     99.66% |         545      0.26%     99.92% |          51      0.02%     99.94% |          92      0.04%     99.99% |          25      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       211099                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       198758                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      198758    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       198758                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12341                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.438619                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.020504                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.874471                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       10191     82.58%     82.58% |        1433     11.61%     94.19% |         545      4.42%     98.61% |          51      0.41%     99.02% |          92      0.75%     99.77% |          25      0.20%     99.97% |           4      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12341                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       211099                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      211099    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       211099                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       211099                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      211099    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       211099                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       492380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.737361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.711895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.554264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      402006     81.65%     81.65% |       90372     18.35%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       492380                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2399743                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.434277                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.575027                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.323649                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2101376     87.57%     87.57% |      128370      5.35%     92.92% |      129243      5.39%     98.30% |       17744      0.74%     99.04% |       17433      0.73%     99.77% |        4476      0.19%     99.95% |         686      0.03%     99.98% |         403      0.02%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2399743                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        86825                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.916890                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.886858                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.686938                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       67023     77.19%     77.19% |       19801     22.81%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        86825                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1743318                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.056971                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.287268                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.758411                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1528735     87.69%     87.69% |       86062      4.94%     92.63% |       97164      5.57%     98.20% |       14498      0.83%     99.03% |       12906      0.74%     99.77% |        3115      0.18%     99.95% |         521      0.03%     99.98% |         310      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1743318                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1059                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.576015                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.558600                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.275267                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         117     11.05%     11.05% |         942     88.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1059                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       488046                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.916524                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.668806                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.148026                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      429323     87.97%     87.97% |       23020      4.72%     92.68% |       27970      5.73%     98.42% |        2651      0.54%     98.96% |        3698      0.76%     99.72% |        1148      0.24%     99.95% |         146      0.03%     99.98% |          86      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       488046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       402608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.685667                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.661641                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.509863                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      333875     82.93%     82.93% |       68733     17.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       402608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       151768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    95.420365                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    79.287061                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.976938                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      130320     85.87%     85.87% |       16737     11.03%     96.90% |        3298      2.17%     99.07% |         515      0.34%     99.41% |         706      0.47%     99.87% |         171      0.11%     99.99% |          13      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       151768                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          730                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.779452                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.734515                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.073244                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         409     56.03%     56.03% |         320     43.84%     99.86% |           1      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          730                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5428                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.178335                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.472523                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.469331                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3965     73.05%     73.05% |        1118     20.60%     93.64% |         266      4.90%     98.54% |          29      0.53%     99.08% |          31      0.57%     99.65% |          17      0.31%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5428                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.996546                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.953663                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.009052                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         582     50.26%     50.26% |         576     49.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11183                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.147098                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.957217                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.297508                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9033     80.77%     80.77% |        1433     12.81%     93.59% |         545      4.87%     98.46% |          51      0.46%     98.92% |          92      0.82%     99.74% |          25      0.22%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11183                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1543215     53.36%     53.36% |     1348908     46.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      2892123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     1311020     54.63%     54.63% |     1088692     45.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2399712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11524     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22971                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1322531     54.59%     54.59% |     1100132     45.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2422663                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1311020     54.63%     54.63% |     1088692     45.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2399712                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     1311042     54.63%     54.63% |     1088701     45.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      2399743                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       11489     50.13%     50.13% |       11431     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22920                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      232173     47.15%     47.15% |      260207     52.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       492380                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     1310985     54.63%     54.63% |     1088676     45.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2399661                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          35     68.63%     68.63% |          16     31.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           51                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          35     68.63%     68.63% |          16     31.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total           51                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          35     68.63%     68.63% |          16     31.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           51                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1311042     54.63%     54.63% |     1088701     45.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2399743                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1310985     54.63%     54.63% |     1088676     45.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2399661                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       11489     50.13%     50.13% |       11431     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22920                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22971                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22971    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22971                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   353714568     99.23%     99.23% |     1360511      0.38%     99.61% |      548727      0.15%     99.76% |      838199      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    356462005                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1861779771     99.24%     99.24% |     6740257      0.36%     99.60% |     2561975      0.14%     99.74% |     4899796      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1875981799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    39583937     95.11%     95.11% |      930640      2.24%     97.34% |      400537      0.96%     98.30% |      705619      1.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     41620733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     2253561     77.92%     77.92% |      250407      8.66%     86.58% |      169104      5.85%     92.43% |      219051      7.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2892123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       69954     14.21%     14.21% |      138214     28.07%     42.28% |      143151     29.07%     71.35% |      141061     28.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       492380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          20     19.61%     19.61% |          62     60.78%     80.39% |           2      1.96%     82.35% |          18     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     2217004     89.49%     89.49% |      126711      5.11%     94.60% |       40643      1.64%     96.25% |       93020      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      2477378                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     2183840     91.00%     91.00% |      112568      4.69%     95.70% |       25672      1.07%     96.76% |       77632      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2399712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1623553     88.71%     88.71% |       97855      5.35%     94.06% |       36977      2.02%     96.08% |       71758      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1830143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      152592     27.53%     27.53% |      136559     24.63%     52.16% |      128982     23.27%     75.42% |      136243     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       554376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      477416     94.05%     94.05% |       15993      3.15%     97.20% |        3145      0.62%     97.82% |       11050      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       507604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       33174     42.69%     42.69% |       14174     18.24%     60.92% |       14972     19.26%     80.19% |       15397     19.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        77717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   352091015     99.28%     99.28% |     1262656      0.36%     99.64% |      511750      0.14%     99.78% |      766441      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    354631862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |  1861627179     99.26%     99.26% |     6603698      0.35%     99.62% |     2432993      0.13%     99.75% |     4763553      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1875427423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    39106521     95.12%     95.12% |      914647      2.22%     97.34% |      397392      0.97%     98.31% |      694569      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     41113129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       69954     14.21%     14.21% |      138214     28.07%     42.28% |      143151     29.07%     71.35% |      141061     28.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       492380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          10     19.61%     19.61% |          31     60.78%     80.39% |           1      1.96%     82.35% |           9     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     2183830     91.01%     91.01% |      112537      4.69%     95.70% |       25671      1.07%     96.77% |       77623      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      2399661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          10     19.61%     19.61% |          31     60.78%     80.39% |           1      1.96%     82.35% |           9     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     2183840     91.00%     91.00% |      112568      4.69%     95.70% |       25672      1.07%     96.76% |       77632      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      2399712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1776145     74.49%     74.49% |      234414      9.83%     84.32% |      165959      6.96%     91.28% |      208001      8.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2384519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      477416     94.05%     94.05% |       15993      3.15%     97.20% |        3145      0.62%     97.82% |       11050      2.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       507604                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.568507                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2568506811500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55399157913501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 156325                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   283561                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              288767219                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2272052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8894.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1390466112                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2522199148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     99253312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          99253312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     98521472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       98521472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1550833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1550833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1539398                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1539398                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     38642417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             38642417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     38357489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            38357489                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     76999906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            76999906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1550833                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1539398                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1550833                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1539398                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              91611392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                7641920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               94127104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               99253312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            98521472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                119405                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                68671                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            97255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            87085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            88831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            86771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           100682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            76145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            85131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            86531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            89768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            87318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          100343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           92215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           83858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           89126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           90379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           89990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           101884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            90420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            91714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            88760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           104532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            76854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            91908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            88046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            91960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            87755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          102523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           96005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           85764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           89893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           92778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           89940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2568506762000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1550833                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1539398                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1423321                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   7915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  7015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  7489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 89851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 91049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 91124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 91147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 91197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 91167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 91204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 91264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 91173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 91074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 91026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 91004                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 90995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 90971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 90953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 90953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1116524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   166.353433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.784082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.612689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       539031     48.28%     48.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       359843     32.23%     80.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       102248      9.16%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        47447      4.25%     93.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        26151      2.34%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        14221      1.27%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8872      0.79%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5275      0.47%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        13436      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1116524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        90953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.738194                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     8.408365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         90564     99.57%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          359      0.39%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            6      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::832-863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::992-1023            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        90953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        90953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.170286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.160430                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.586469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           83632     91.95%     91.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             126      0.14%     92.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            6284      6.91%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             862      0.95%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              40      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        90953                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 23219695581                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            50058970581                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7157140000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16221.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               34971.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       35.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       36.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    38.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    38.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  834364                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 951267                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                58.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               64.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    831169.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   61.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              4385004120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2392611375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5769410400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            4959234720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        168822086160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        600992936325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1023652171500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1810973454600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           700.642750                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1697080132251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85768020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 785656625249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              4329475920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2362313250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5906433000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4996507680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        168822086160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        606594274740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1018738716750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1811749807500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           700.943112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1688961215254                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85768020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 793773731246                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     87520704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          87520704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     86791168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       86791168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1367511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1367511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1356112                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1356112                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     34074546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             34074546                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     33790515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            33790515                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     67865061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            67865061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1367511                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1356112                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1367511                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1356112                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              80748672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                6772032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               82192704                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               87520704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            86791168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                105813                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                71847                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            88575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            76452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            75981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            77147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            85772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            67513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            73225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            75644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            79888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            78169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           89770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           80601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           76581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           77015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           80427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           78938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            90757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            78632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            79150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            78468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            87784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            69140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            76321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            76436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            80568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            78303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           91184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           84929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           76340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           77045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           80844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           78360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2568506909500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1367511                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1356112                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1254364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   7129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  5446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  5774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 78576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 79650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 79686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 79699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 79769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 79728                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 79742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 79701                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 79650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 79589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 79559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 79553                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 79537                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 79512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 79507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 79506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       967587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   168.399385                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   116.935343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   184.279570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       513867     53.11%     53.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       255490     26.40%     79.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        80614      8.33%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        40673      4.20%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        40283      4.16%     96.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12880      1.33%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7035      0.73%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4697      0.49%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        12048      1.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       967587                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        79506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.869180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    10.454416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         79485     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            5      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        79506                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        79506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.153007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.143975                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.561983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           73791     92.81%     92.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             119      0.15%     92.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            4828      6.07%     99.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             694      0.87%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              63      0.08%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              10      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        79506                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 19746797346                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            43403634846                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                6308490000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    15650.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               34400.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       31.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       32.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    34.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    33.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  775367                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 803002                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               62.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    943047.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3771283320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2057743875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5079594000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            4325367600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        168822086160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        486220373145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1124329858500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1794606306600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           694.310508                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1865300367251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  85768020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 617436481999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3805583040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2076459000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5265748800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            4416223680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        168822086160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        489204726705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1121712004500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1795302831885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           694.579984                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 1860969473499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  85768020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 621766360501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5136613535                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 1300174153                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   2353831884                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1511809624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses            1130316630                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     898584                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    161270935                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1511809624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                   1130316630                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2950200459                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        1037853665                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads          1382526840                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes         1075423327                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           941701827                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          529865645                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    389455382                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  350588977                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  38866405                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              340067094.363130                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4796546440.636869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.933795                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.066205                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        166825699                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              3920559      0.17%      0.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               1232742204     52.37%     52.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 4269231      0.18%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4624      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              723456476     30.74%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     83.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               350588977     14.89%     98.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               38866405      1.65%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                2353848524                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5134696483                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   78124271                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    143978075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            142741420                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               1337123                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    4277378                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     10368489                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   142741420                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      1337123                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          295948530                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         113785198                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              365404                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            1003550                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            71698306                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           43353043                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     35425805                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   23440915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  11984890                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              4792530212.760621                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              342166270.239379                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.066638                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.933362                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         16832256                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               129424      0.09%      0.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                107664131     74.78%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   57035      0.04%     74.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    28266      0.02%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 674145      0.47%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                23440915     16.28%     91.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               11984890      8.32%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 143978838                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5140400949                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3166698                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6486390                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6360192                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3147                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     165207                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       499449                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6360192                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3147                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12837124                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5202504                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5124                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2476                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3760248                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2042295                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1514697                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     934393                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    580304                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5112931511.720126                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              27469437.279874                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005344                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994656                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           718789                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                90340      1.39%      1.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4840222     74.62%     76.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    9494      0.15%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    29492      0.45%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2372      0.04%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  934393     14.40%     91.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 580304      8.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6486617                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5135026310                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4244728                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8660307                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8422144                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7824                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     195223                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       677730                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8422144                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         7824                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           16539318                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           6916298                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               12908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               6233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5129949                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            3129983                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1823247                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1128665                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    694582                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5100438077.055611                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              34588232.944389                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006736                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993264                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           944540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                88009      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6706536     77.44%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    9584      0.11%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    27184      0.31%     78.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   5956      0.07%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1128665     13.03%     91.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 694582      8.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8660516                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1569                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1569                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3891                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3891                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               130                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              130                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           94                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1394                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           88                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          732                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   11180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          266                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          188                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          478                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          346                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           89                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3563                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2740                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          366                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2780                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3630                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    15073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1689000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               327979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1921000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1910439                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1819946                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1725986                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1681486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              147458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2281500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1736500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2376500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2065500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          356                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      1458176                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          356                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               12730082                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.006419                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.228377                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12719261     99.91%     99.91% |        4819      0.04%     99.95% |        5389      0.04%    100.00% |         189      0.00%    100.00% |         422      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 12730082                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   4684349748                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.001905                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001322                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.043610                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4675423919     99.81%     99.81% |     8925829      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   4684349748                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     4684349748                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.149993                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.006224                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.930697                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  4683654455     99.99%     99.99% |      321142      0.01%     99.99% |      284694      0.01%    100.00% |       38760      0.00%    100.00% |       38283      0.00%    100.00% |        9979      0.00%    100.00% |        1469      0.00%    100.00% |         937      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       4684349748                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4677984724                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4677984724    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4677984724                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6365024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.387619                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.159798                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.653296                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     5669731     89.08%     89.08% |      321142      5.05%     94.12% |      284694      4.47%     98.59% |       38760      0.61%     99.20% |       38283      0.60%     99.80% |        9979      0.16%     99.96% |        1469      0.02%     99.98% |         937      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6365024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1069857                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      5295167                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits   2257550505                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses      2332564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   2259883069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           623                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    136610024                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       651615                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    137261639                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5446056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       235161                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5681217                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7205725                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       253561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      7459286                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.227029                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2      2332564                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2      2250697                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2414305                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2332450                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2     18660512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2    162050184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    173829960                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18659600                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.063453                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2       651615                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2       487532                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       816307                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       652255                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2      5212920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2     35102304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     58774104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5218040                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.022848                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       235161                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        63293                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       406187                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       234320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2      1881288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      4557096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29245464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1874560                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.024695                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       253561                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2        93863                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       413579                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       253890                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      2028488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      6758136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29777688                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2031120                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.153112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      1818987                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      1539337                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11526                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1539344                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1819017                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     14551896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    110832264                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    110832768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14552136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.135446                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      1653914                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      1356048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1356080                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1653898                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     13231312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2     97635456                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     97637760                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13231184                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.001119                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.078463                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2      3472901                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2      2895385                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3472901                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3472915                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2     27783208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2    208467720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    250048872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     27783320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        10418703                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            8686155                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     10487622                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     10488432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         83349624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           625403160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    755108784                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     83907456                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.227034                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2332564                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2332450                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    167944608                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18659600                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.227024                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      2332564                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      2250697                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        81741                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     18660512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    162050184                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5885352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.063430                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       651615                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       652255                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46916280                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5218040                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.063477                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       651615                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       487532                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       164692                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      5212920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     35102304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11857824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022881                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       235161                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       234320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16931592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1874560                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022815                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       235161                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        63293                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       171026                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1881288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      4557096                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12313872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024683                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       253561                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       253890                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18256392                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2031120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024708                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       253561                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        93863                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       160018                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2028488                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      6758136                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11521296                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.152663                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1818987                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1539337                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     14551896                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    110832264                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.153561                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11526                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1539344                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1819017                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       829872                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    110832768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14552136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.134999                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      1653914                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1356048                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     13231312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     97635456                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.135893                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11447                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1356080                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1653898                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     97637760                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     13231184                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002014                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000225                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23101                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       184808                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.227034                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2332564                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2332450                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    167944608                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18659600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.063430                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       651615                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       652255                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46916280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5218040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.022881                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       235161                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       234320                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16931592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1874560                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.024683                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       253561                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       253890                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18256392                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2031120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.152663                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      1818987                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      1539337                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11590                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     14551896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    110832264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.134999                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      1653914                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      1356048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11511                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     13231312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2     97635456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92088                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.002014                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22973                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1654056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6365024                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000588                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.064900                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     6364455     99.99%     99.99% |          57      0.00%     99.99% |          40      0.00%     99.99% |         160      0.00%    100.00% |         306      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6365024                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       6365058                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.012251                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.316278                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     6354749     99.84%     99.84% |        4619      0.07%     99.91% |        5077      0.08%     99.99% |         189      0.00%     99.99% |         422      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         6365058                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    735250485                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.655958                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.025517                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.557294                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   734771070     99.93%     99.93% |      202952      0.03%     99.96% |      209315      0.03%     99.99% |       30855      0.00%    100.00% |       27718      0.00%    100.00% |        6781      0.00%    100.00% |        1096      0.00%    100.00% |         682      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     735250485                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    731305355                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   731305355    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    731305355                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3945130                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.250243                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.493871                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.857758                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3465715     87.85%     87.85% |      202952      5.14%     92.99% |      209315      5.31%     98.30% |       30855      0.78%     99.08% |       27718      0.70%     99.78% |        6781      0.17%     99.95% |        1096      0.03%     99.98% |         682      0.02%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3945130                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     91745587                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.427594                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.056524                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.472235                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    91613795     99.86%     99.86% |       54194      0.06%     99.92% |       60636      0.07%     99.98% |        5936      0.01%     99.99% |        8022      0.01%    100.00% |        2483      0.00%    100.00% |         312      0.00%    100.00% |         199      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      91745587                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     90678913                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    90678913    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     90678913                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1066674                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.788620                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.207009                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.421517                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      934882     87.64%     87.64% |       54194      5.08%     92.73% |       60636      5.68%     98.41% |        5936      0.56%     98.97% |        8022      0.75%     99.72% |        2483      0.23%     99.95% |         312      0.03%     99.98% |         199      0.02%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1066674                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   3852993312                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.021646                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001366                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.492522                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  3852919298    100.00%    100.00% |       56795      0.00%    100.00% |       12561      0.00%    100.00% |        1736      0.00%    100.00% |        2216      0.00%    100.00% |         602      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   3852993312                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3851689497                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3851689497    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3851689497                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1303815                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.967413                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    56.565683                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.925483                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1229801     94.32%     94.32% |       56795      4.36%     98.68% |       12561      0.96%     99.64% |        1736      0.13%     99.78% |        2216      0.17%     99.95% |         602      0.05%     99.99% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1303815                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      3154372                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.600166                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.023695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.040749                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     3150523     99.88%     99.88% |        2971      0.09%     99.97% |         672      0.02%     99.99% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |          83      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      3154372                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3138409                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3138409    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3138409                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15963                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.596003                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   102.276172                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.996268                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12114     75.89%     75.89% |        2971     18.61%     94.50% |         672      4.21%     98.71% |          73      0.46%     99.17% |          83      0.52%     99.69% |          44      0.28%     99.96% |           5      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        15963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       602996                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.727234                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.297698                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    32.686543                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      596773     98.97%     98.97% |        4230      0.70%     99.67% |        1510      0.25%     99.92% |         160      0.03%     99.95% |         244      0.04%     99.99% |          69      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       602996                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       569554                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      569554    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       569554                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33442                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.299414                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.811503                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.261160                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       27219     81.39%     81.39% |        4230     12.65%     94.04% |        1510      4.52%     98.56% |         160      0.48%     99.03% |         244      0.73%     99.76% |          69      0.21%     99.97% |           9      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33442                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       602996                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      602996    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       602996                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       602996                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      602996    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       602996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1069857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.779493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.752126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.617535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      864957     80.85%     80.85% |      204887     19.15%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1069857                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5295167                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.643351                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.729890                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.379825                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4599874     86.87%     86.87% |      321142      6.06%     92.93% |      284694      5.38%     98.31% |       38760      0.73%     99.04% |       38283      0.72%     99.77% |        9979      0.19%     99.95% |        1469      0.03%     99.98% |         937      0.02%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5295167                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       187282                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.969976                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.937988                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.753460                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      142356     76.01%     76.01% |       44919     23.98%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       187282                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3757848                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.101703                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.337694                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.739053                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3278433     87.24%     87.24% |      202952      5.40%     92.64% |      209315      5.57%     98.21% |       30855      0.82%     99.03% |       27718      0.74%     99.77% |        6781      0.18%     99.95% |        1096      0.03%     99.98% |         682      0.02%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3757848                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3070                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.563192                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.544479                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.323675                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         358     11.66%     11.66% |        2712     88.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3070                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1063604                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.005751                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   113.484029                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.421737                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      931812     87.61%     87.61% |       54194      5.10%     92.70% |       60636      5.70%     98.41% |        5936      0.56%     98.96% |        8022      0.75%     99.72% |        2483      0.23%     99.95% |         312      0.03%     99.98% |         199      0.02%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1063604                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       875096                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.723226                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.697370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.571293                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      719928     82.27%     82.27% |      155162     17.73%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       875096                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       428719                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.248414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.436593                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.638581                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      354705     82.74%     82.74% |       56795     13.25%     95.98% |       12561      2.93%     98.91% |        1736      0.40%     99.32% |        2216      0.52%     99.84% |         602      0.14%     99.98% |          47      0.01%     99.99% |          54      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       428719                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1598                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.697121                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.652992                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.053359                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         928     58.07%     58.07% |         668     41.80%     99.87% |           2      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1598                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14365                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.705465                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.608304                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.009844                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       10516     73.21%     73.21% |        2971     20.68%     93.89% |         672      4.68%     98.57% |          73      0.51%     99.07% |          83      0.58%     99.65% |          44      0.31%     99.96% |           5      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14365                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.043401                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.999948                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.022710                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1387     49.34%     49.34% |        1424     50.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30631                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   129.205641                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.705168                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.745689                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       24408     79.68%     79.68% |        4230     13.81%     93.49% |        1510      4.93%     98.42% |         160      0.52%     98.95% |         244      0.80%     99.74% |          69      0.23%     99.97% |           9      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        30631                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1819010     52.38%     52.38% |     1653947     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      3472957                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     1539334     53.17%     53.17% |     1356048     46.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      2895382                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       11526     50.17%     50.17% |       11447     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        22973                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1550833     53.14%     53.14% |     1367511     46.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2918344                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1539398     53.17%     53.17% |     1356112     46.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2895510                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     1539344     53.16%     53.16% |     1356080     46.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      2895424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       11489     50.13%     50.13% |       11431     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        22920                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      279643     48.42%     48.42% |      297834     51.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       577477                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     1539297     53.16%     53.16% |     1356032     46.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      2895329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          37     69.81%     69.81% |          16     30.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |          37     69.81%     69.81% |          16     30.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          37     69.81%     69.81% |          16     30.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          23     42.59%     42.59% |          31     57.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total           54                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     1539344     53.16%     53.16% |     1356080     46.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2895424                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     1539297     53.16%     53.16% |     1356032     46.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      2895329                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       11489     50.13%     50.13% |       11431     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        22920                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       22973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        22973                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   354351968     93.55%     93.55% |    22557810      5.96%     99.50% |      877085      0.23%     99.74% |     1001617      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    378788480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1865435157     94.36%     94.36% |   101781329      5.15%     99.50% |     4162790      0.21%     99.72% |     5632237      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1977011513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    40095944     73.59%     73.59% |    12922500     23.72%     97.31% |      641342      1.18%     98.49% |      825432      1.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     54485218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |     2332564     67.16%     67.16% |      651615     18.76%     85.93% |      235161      6.77%     92.70% |      253561      7.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      3472901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       81741     14.15%     14.15% |      164692     28.52%     42.67% |      171026     29.62%     72.29% |      160018     27.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       577477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |          24     22.64%     22.64% |          62     58.49%     81.13% |           2      1.89%     83.02% |          18     16.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |     2286467     76.45%     76.45% |      509035     17.02%     93.47% |       83648      2.80%     96.26% |      111744      3.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      2990894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |     2250697     77.73%     77.73% |      487530     16.84%     94.57% |       63292      2.19%     96.76% |       93863      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2895382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     1654330     78.22%     78.22% |      321235     15.19%     93.41% |       57614      2.72%     96.13% |       81808      3.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      2114987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      188886     25.20%     25.20% |      238833     31.87%     57.07% |      165239     22.05%     79.12% |      156481     20.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       749439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      489348     80.42%     80.42% |       91547     15.05%     95.47% |       12308      2.02%     97.49% |       15272      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       608475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       35782     37.44%     37.44% |       21534     22.53%     59.98% |       20356     21.30%     81.28% |       17890     18.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        95562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |   352697638     93.63%     93.63% |    22236575      5.90%     99.54% |      819471      0.22%     99.76% |      919809      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    376673493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |  1865246271     94.38%     94.38% |   101542496      5.14%     99.52% |     3997551      0.20%     99.72% |     5475756      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1976262074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    39606596     73.51%     73.51% |    12830953     23.82%     97.33% |      629034      1.17%     98.50% |      810160      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     53876743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       81741     14.15%     14.15% |      164690     28.52%     42.67% |      171025     29.62%     72.29% |      160018     27.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       577474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          12     22.64%     22.64% |          31     58.49%     81.13% |           1      1.89%     83.02% |           9     16.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           53                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |     2250685     77.73%     77.73% |      487501     16.84%     94.57% |       63292      2.19%     96.76% |       93854      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      2895332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |          12     22.64%     22.64% |          31     58.49%     81.13% |           1      1.89%     83.02% |           9     16.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           53                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |     2250697     77.73%     77.73% |      487530     16.84%     94.57% |       63292      2.19%     96.76% |       93863      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      2895382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |     1843216     64.35%     64.35% |      560068     19.55%     83.90% |      222853      7.78%     91.68% |      238289      8.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2864426                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |      489348     80.42%     80.42% |       91547     15.05%     95.47% |       12308      2.02%     97.49% |       15272      2.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total       608475                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
