
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.479730                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                479730336500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52388360295501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 154522                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   278882                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              275706939                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1821672                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1740.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268867717                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485255179                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4814912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4814912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4846336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4846336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        75233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              75233                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        75724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             75724                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     10036705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             10036705                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     10102209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            10102209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20138914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            20138914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      75233                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     75724                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    75233                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   75724                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4169024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 645888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4693632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4814912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4846336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 10092                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                 2395                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            9803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           14288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           14518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            7069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             4495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             1331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            1381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            9930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           14798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           17556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            9112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 479730287000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                75233                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               75724                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  64961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  4425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  4485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  4480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  4474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  4476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  4473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  4473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  4485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  4474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  4468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  4466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  4468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  4467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  4467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  4467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  4467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        57655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   153.716555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.252115                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   156.151618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        33293     57.75%     57.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12129     21.04%     78.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7656     13.28%     92.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2034      3.53%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1018      1.77%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          561      0.97%     98.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          427      0.74%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          288      0.50%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          249      0.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        57655                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.584285                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.859925                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             10      0.22%      0.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             14      0.31%      0.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-5             64      1.43%      1.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            179      4.01%      5.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            181      4.05%     10.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          239      5.35%     15.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-13          548     12.27%     27.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         1418     31.74%     59.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         1316     29.46%     88.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          285      6.38%     95.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           68      1.52%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           50      1.12%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           36      0.81%     98.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           25      0.56%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           18      0.40%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            5      0.11%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            3      0.07%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34-35            2      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            3      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         4467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.417730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.397726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.831063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            3550     79.47%     79.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              15      0.34%     79.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18             858     19.21%     99.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              41      0.92%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               3      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         4467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1081153998                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2302547748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 325705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16597.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35347.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        8.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        9.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    10.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    10.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   29820                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  50999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                45.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               69.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   3177926.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               168625800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                92008125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              138691800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             127377360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         31649723040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         34230447405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        260715137250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          327122010780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           675.077253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 432574671250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16019380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31139745250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               346429440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               189024000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              445902600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             412510320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         31649723040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         54218704950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        243181578000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          330443872350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           681.932534                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 403426009250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16019380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  60288920750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6421312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           6421312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      6453312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        6453312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       100333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             100333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       100833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            100833                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13385253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             13385253                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13451957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            13451957                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     26837210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            26837210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     100333                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    100833                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   100333                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  100833                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4199168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                2222144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                4745984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                6421312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             6453312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 34721                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                26665                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            9760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           14147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           15378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            7395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             4770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             1039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             1776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             1311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             1294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            1242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            9886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           14467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           18016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            9444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 479730738000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               100333                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              100833                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  65453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  4467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  4546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  4529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  4520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  4529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  4523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  4524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  4528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  4524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  4518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  4517                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  4518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  4518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  4516                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  4515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  4515                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        59539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   150.244512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.226237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.880903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        35116     58.98%     58.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12035     20.21%     79.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7922     13.31%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1973      3.31%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1002      1.68%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          596      1.00%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          355      0.60%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          300      0.50%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          240      0.40%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        59539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.530233                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.587338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             15      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             15      0.33%      0.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5             36      0.80%      1.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            247      5.47%      6.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9             92      2.04%      8.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          137      3.03%     12.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13          626     13.86%     25.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         1556     34.46%     60.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         1375     30.45%     90.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          243      5.38%     96.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           73      1.62%     97.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           43      0.95%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           25      0.55%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           14      0.31%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            7      0.16%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            2      0.04%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            3      0.07%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35            1      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            1      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            2      0.04%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         4515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.424363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.404036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.837867                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            3577     79.22%     79.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              11      0.24%     79.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18             880     19.49%     98.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              43      0.95%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         4515                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1085916748                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2316141748                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 328060000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    16550.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35300.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        8.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        9.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    13.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    13.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   29143                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  51091                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                44.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               68.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   2384750.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               174250440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                95077125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              137046000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             133637040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         31649723040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         33743110230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        261142626000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          327075469875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           674.981207                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 433198956250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16019380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  30515548750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               355440960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               193941000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              451932000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             412594560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         31649723040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         57496049055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        240306714750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          330866395365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           682.804489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 398708301500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16019380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  65007115500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5419776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           5419776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      5452864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        5452864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        84684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              84684                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        85201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             85201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11297547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             11297547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11366519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            11366519                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     22664066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            22664066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      84684                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     85201                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    84684                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   85201                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4353024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                1066752                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                4874048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                5419776                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             5452864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 16668                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                 9044                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             3530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             1120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            2402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            9740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           14347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           15234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            8154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             4716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             1716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             1587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             1243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            1467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           14676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           18192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           10035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 479730273500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                84684                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               85201                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  67872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                   857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                   871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  4614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  4669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  4659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  4652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  4659                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  4663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  4650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  4660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  4660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  4649                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  4648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  4651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  4647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  4648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  4647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  4646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        62628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   147.337549                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.832379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.259344                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        37176     59.36%     59.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13009     20.77%     80.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7993     12.76%     92.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2004      3.20%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          906      1.45%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          654      1.04%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          427      0.68%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          262      0.42%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          197      0.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        62628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.639690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.525361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             15      0.32%      0.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             44      0.95%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5             63      1.36%      2.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7             74      1.59%      4.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            128      2.76%      6.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          269      5.79%     12.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13          567     12.20%     24.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         1595     34.33%     59.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         1415     30.46%     89.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          274      5.90%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           81      1.74%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           60      1.29%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           32      0.69%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           15      0.32%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            4      0.09%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            3      0.06%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            4      0.09%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         4646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.391950                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.371986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.832760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            3776     81.27%     81.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              12      0.26%     81.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18             774     16.66%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              78      1.68%     99.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.09%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         4646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1174619248                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             2449919248                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 340080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17269.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               36019.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        9.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       10.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    11.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    11.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   29640                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  51910                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                43.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               68.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   2823853.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   56.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               183579480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               100167375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              148434000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             135004320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         31649723040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         34654312800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        260343325500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          327214546515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           675.268218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 431973441500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16019380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31741554500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               368950680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               201312375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              458468400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             423053280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         31649723040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         59203385730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        238809051000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          331113944505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           683.315353                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 396148699750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16019380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  67565137750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7703552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           7703552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7736064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7736064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       120368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             120368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       120876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            120876                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     16058088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             16058088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     16125859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            16125859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32183948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            32183948                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     120368                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    120876                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   120368                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  120876                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4395840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                3307712                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                5047168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                7703552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7736064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 51683                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                42016                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             1536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             1365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            2495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            9775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           14495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           17390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            7203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             1286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             1658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             1437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           14793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            9543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 479730287000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               120368                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              120876                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  68507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  4738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  4818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  4810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  4815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  4808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  4819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  4806                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  4819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  4811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  4803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  4800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  4799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  4801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  4799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  4798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  4798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        65157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   144.929938                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.388572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   146.653044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39321     60.35%     60.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13290     20.40%     80.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7836     12.03%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2263      3.47%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          993      1.52%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          583      0.89%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          383      0.59%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          320      0.49%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          168      0.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        65157                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         4798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.316173                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.757152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             16      0.33%      0.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             41      0.85%      1.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            120      2.50%      3.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            122      2.54%      6.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            106      2.21%      8.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          249      5.19%     13.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-13          803     16.74%     30.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         1665     34.70%     65.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         1225     25.53%     90.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          252      5.25%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-21           81      1.69%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           43      0.90%     98.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           33      0.69%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           17      0.35%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            9      0.19%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            8      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            4      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::34-35            1      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         4798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         4798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.436432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.415370                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.853705                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            3780     78.78%     78.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              11      0.23%     79.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18             948     19.76%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              52      1.08%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.08%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         4798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1166642747                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             2454486497                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 343425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    16985.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               35735.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        9.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       10.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    16.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    16.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   29722                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  52670                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                43.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               66.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1988568.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   55.84                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               184403520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               100617000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              136999200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             139689360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         31649723040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         34548547590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        260436102000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          327196081710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           675.230112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 432050744251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16019380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  31660263249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               382558680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               208737375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              472500600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             432676080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         31649723040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         61449790500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        236838520500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          331434506775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           683.976893                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 392753132500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16019380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  70960325500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                       964265054                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     410869                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       868542                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               853002                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      25623                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        57092                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      853002                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1724431                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            696972                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              459092                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             265801                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       207142                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     126749                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     80393                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              960761058.597947                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              3503995.402053                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003634                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996366                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            90464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                10154      1.17%      1.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   646659     74.45%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1725      0.20%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2646      0.30%     76.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  126749     14.59%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  80393      9.26%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    868565                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                       961523296                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265737422                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479171523                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269543267                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9864470                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14997405                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269543267                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512495969                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176047892                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106893687                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82963120                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84022190                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62866640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21155550                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              6033478.787926                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              955489817.212074                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.993725                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.006275                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27045170                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10668      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244766653     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2444      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1744      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62866640     13.12%     95.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21155550      4.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479171621                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                       959562219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     380759                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       807168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               791499                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      22263                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        58217                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      791499                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1597071                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            651285                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              451715                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             242543                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       190237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     117750                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     72487                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              955842827.396119                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              3719391.603881                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003876                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996124                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            87594                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                12215      1.51%      1.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   598851     74.19%     75.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1629      0.20%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     4223      0.52%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  117750     14.59%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  72487      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    807172                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                       956261799                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1019354                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      1976737                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1946251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      41690                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       160040                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1946251                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            3959887                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1585316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1132583                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             658970                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       452885                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     278883                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    174002                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              948349009.757268                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              7912789.242732                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.008275                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.991725                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           217553                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                20329      1.03%      1.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1493835     75.57%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2419      0.12%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     6015      0.30%     77.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  278883     14.11%     91.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 174002      8.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   1976827                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 586                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                586                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               19                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          260                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          609                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          653                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          572                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                38496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              122000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              273999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              317495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              309998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              326998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               11498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              231000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              252500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              368000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              216000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                 952404                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.003218                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.158833                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |      951926     99.95%     99.95% |          60      0.01%     99.96% |          79      0.01%     99.96% |         138      0.01%     99.98% |         175      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                   952404                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    462082940                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000658                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   462082740    100.00%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    462082940                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      462082940                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.095821                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.004507                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         3.728137                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   462051679     99.99%     99.99% |       12809      0.00%    100.00% |       14279      0.00%    100.00% |        1672      0.00%    100.00% |        1859      0.00%    100.00% |         518      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        462082940                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    461606704                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   461606704    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    461606704                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       476236                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    93.972997                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    78.528286                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.648303                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      444975     93.44%     93.44% |       12809      2.69%     96.13% |       14279      3.00%     99.12% |        1672      0.35%     99.47% |        1859      0.39%     99.87% |         518      0.11%     99.97% |          57      0.01%     99.99% |          61      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       476236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr        95642                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr       380594                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits       713839                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses        33499                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses       747338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    458489080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       355156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    458844236                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits       656498                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses        33955                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses       690453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      1747287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses        53626                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      1800913                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.017411                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2        33499                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2         6437                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        60384                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        33324                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2       267992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2       463464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4347648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       266592                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.184950                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2       355156                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2       342403                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       367407                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       354654                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2      2841248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2     24653016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26453304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2837232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.017726                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2        33955                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2         6142                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        61887                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        34076                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2       271640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2       442224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4455864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       272608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.028073                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2        53626                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2        25540                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        82200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        54114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2       429008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      1838880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5918400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       432912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.040444                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2        98620                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2        75196                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4        75219                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        98599                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2       788960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2      5414112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5415768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       788792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.053562                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2       124402                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2       100305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       100323                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       124386                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2       995216                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2      7221960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7223256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       995088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.045340                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2       107405                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2        84673                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4        84684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       107394                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2       859240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2      6096456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6097248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       859152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.064075                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2       145809                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2       120348                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       120368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       145789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2      1166472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2      8665056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8666496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1166312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000117                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.045170                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2       476236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2       380522                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       476236                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       476168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2      3809888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2     27397584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     34288992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3809344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         1428708                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            1141566                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1428792                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1441260                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         11429664                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data            82192752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    102873024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     11530080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33499                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        33324                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2411928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       266592                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017374                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        33499                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2         6437                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26885                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       267992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2       463464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1935720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.185055                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       355156                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       354654                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25571232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2837232                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.184846                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       355156                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       342403                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12251                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2841248                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     24653016                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       882072                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017701                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33955                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        34076                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2444760                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       272608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017751                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        33955                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2         6142                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27932                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       271640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2       442224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2011104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.027971                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        53626                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        54114                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3861072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       432912                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028175                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        53626                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        25540                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28574                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       429008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1838880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2057328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.040436                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2        98620                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2        75196                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2       788960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2      5414112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.040452                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        75219                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        98599                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5415768                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       788792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.053555                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       124402                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       100305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2       995216                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2      7221960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.053568                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       100323                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       124386                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7223256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       995088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.045337                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       107405                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2        84673                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2       859240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2      6096456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.045342                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        84684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       107394                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6097248                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       859152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064071                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       145809                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       120348                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1166472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2      8665056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.064079                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       120368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       145789                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8666496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1166312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000123                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33499                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        33324                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2411928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       266592                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.185055                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       355156                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       354654                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25571232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2837232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.017701                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33955                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        34076                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2444760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       272608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.027971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        53626                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        54114                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3861072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       432912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.040436                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2        98620                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2        75196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2       788960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2      5414112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.053555                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2       124402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2       100305                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2       995216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2      7221960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.045337                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2       107405                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2        84673                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2       859240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2      6096456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.064071                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2       145809                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2       120348                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2      1166472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2      8665056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000123                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        476236                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000353                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.049522                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      476210     99.99%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          476236                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        476168                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.006084                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.219067                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      475716     99.91%     99.91% |          59      0.01%     99.92% |          75      0.02%     99.93% |         128      0.03%     99.96% |         165      0.03%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          476168                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63351125                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.480940                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.021753                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      8.511013                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63330266     99.97%     99.97% |        7084      0.01%     99.98% |       10770      0.02%    100.00% |        1172      0.00%    100.00% |        1322      0.00%    100.00% |         416      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63351125                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     63043667                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    63043667    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     63043667                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       307458                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   100.096693                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    84.281484                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.785060                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      286599     93.22%     93.22% |        7084      2.30%     95.52% |       10770      3.50%     99.02% |        1172      0.38%     99.40% |        1322      0.43%     99.83% |         416      0.14%     99.97% |          43      0.01%     99.98% |          48      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       307458                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21469914                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.250497                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.008903                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      6.615868                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21465467     99.98%     99.98% |        1530      0.01%     99.99% |        2228      0.01%    100.00% |         345      0.00%    100.00% |         291      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21469914                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21430671                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21430671    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21430671                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39243                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.047142                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.641586                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.104267                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       34796     88.67%     88.67% |        1530      3.90%     92.57% |        2228      5.68%     98.24% |         345      0.88%     99.12% |         291      0.74%     99.86% |          38      0.10%     99.96% |           6      0.02%     99.98% |           7      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        39243                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377204540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.021325                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001351                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.471912                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377199058    100.00%    100.00% |        3903      0.00%    100.00% |        1145      0.00%    100.00% |         146      0.00%    100.00% |         216      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377204540                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    377078296                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   377078296    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    377078296                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       126244                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.716612                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    56.446759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    49.141942                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      120762     95.66%     95.66% |        3903      3.09%     98.75% |        1145      0.91%     99.66% |         146      0.12%     99.77% |         216      0.17%     99.94% |          60      0.05%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       126244                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        33473                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.507663                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.323779                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.394517                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       33203     99.19%     99.19% |         137      0.41%     99.60% |         103      0.31%     99.91% |           4      0.01%     99.92% |          21      0.06%     99.99% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        33473                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31491                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       31491    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        31491                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1982                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.793138                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.098253                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.686972                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1712     86.38%     86.38% |         137      6.91%     93.29% |         103      5.20%     98.49% |           4      0.20%     98.69% |          21      1.06%     99.75% |           3      0.15%     99.90% |           1      0.05%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1982                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11944                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    12.364032                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.632086                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.157856                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       11741     98.30%     98.30% |         155      1.30%     99.60% |          33      0.28%     99.87% |           5      0.04%     99.92% |           9      0.08%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        11944                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10635                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10635    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        10635                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1309                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   104.691367                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.332901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.720583                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1106     84.49%     84.49% |         155     11.84%     96.33% |          33      2.52%     98.85% |           5      0.38%     99.24% |           9      0.69%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         1309                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        11944                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11944    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        11944                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11944                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11944    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        11944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        95642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.071559                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.035772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.906796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       70298     73.50%     73.50% |       25337     26.49%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        95642                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       380594                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.010468                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    89.806863                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.126414                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      349335     91.79%     91.79% |       12807      3.37%     95.15% |       14279      3.75%     98.90% |        1672      0.44%     99.34% |        1859      0.49%     99.83% |         518      0.14%     99.97% |          57      0.01%     99.98% |          61      0.02%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       380594                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17446                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.152757                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.114479                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.004265                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12495     71.62%     71.62% |        4950     28.37%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        17446                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       290012                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.341751                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.395034                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.644767                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      269154     92.81%     92.81% |        7083      2.44%     95.25% |       10770      3.71%     98.96% |        1172      0.40%     99.37% |        1322      0.46%     99.82% |         416      0.14%     99.97% |          43      0.01%     99.98% |          48      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       290012                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          488                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.143443                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.114477                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.645078                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         106     21.72%     21.72% |         382     78.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          488                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        38755                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.179203                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   129.219363                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    71.842871                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       34308     88.53%     88.53% |        1530      3.95%     92.47% |        2228      5.75%     98.22% |         345      0.89%     99.11% |         291      0.75%     99.86% |          38      0.10%     99.96% |           6      0.02%     99.98% |           7      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        38755                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        77160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.043196                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.008164                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.880215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       57234     74.18%     74.18% |       19920     25.82%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        77160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        49084                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    94.071204                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    77.846482                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.252057                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       43603     88.83%     88.83% |        3902      7.95%     96.78% |        1145      2.33%     99.12% |         146      0.30%     99.41% |         216      0.44%     99.85% |          60      0.12%     99.98% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        49084                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          152                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.473684                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.455599                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.316967                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         135     88.82%     88.82% |          17     11.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          152                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1830                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.630601                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.162196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.985362                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1560     85.25%     85.25% |         137      7.49%     92.73% |         103      5.63%     98.36% |           4      0.22%     98.58% |          21      1.15%     99.73% |           3      0.16%     99.89% |           1      0.05%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          396                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.696970                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.672350                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.530811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         328     82.83%     82.83% |          68     17.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          396                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          913                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.279299                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.687094                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.178095                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         710     77.77%     77.77% |         155     16.98%     94.74% |          33      3.61%     98.36% |           5      0.55%     98.90% |           9      0.99%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          913                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       98633     20.71%     20.71% |      124411     26.12%     46.83% |      107426     22.55%     69.38% |      145825     30.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       476295                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |       75196     19.76%     19.76% |      100305     26.36%     46.12% |       84673     22.25%     68.37% |      120348     31.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       380522                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       75233     19.77%     19.77% |      100333     26.36%     46.13% |       84684     22.25%     68.38% |      120368     31.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       380618                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       75724     19.79%     19.79% |      100833     26.35%     46.14% |       85201     22.27%     68.41% |      120876     31.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       382634                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |       75219     19.76%     19.76% |      100323     26.36%     46.12% |       84684     22.25%     68.37% |      120368     31.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       380594                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |       23401     24.47%     24.47% |       24079     25.18%     49.64% |       22721     23.76%     73.40% |       25441     26.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total        95642                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |       75194     19.76%     19.76% |      100303     26.36%     46.12% |       84673     22.25%     68.37% |      120348     31.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       380518                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          13     23.21%     23.21% |           8     14.29%     37.50% |          19     33.93%     71.43% |          16     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total           56                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       75219     19.76%     19.76% |      100323     26.36%     46.12% |       84684     22.25%     68.37% |      120368     31.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       380594                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       75194     19.76%     19.76% |      100303     26.36%     46.12% |       84673     22.25%     68.37% |      120348     31.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       380518                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      116908      0.18%      0.18% |    62857819     99.22%     99.41% |      109808      0.17%     99.58% |      266590      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     63351125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      539736      0.14%      0.14% |   374819008     99.37%     99.51% |      499929      0.13%     99.64% |     1345867      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377204540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       90694      0.42%      0.42% |    21167409     98.33%     98.75% |       80716      0.37%     99.12% |      188456      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     21527275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       33499      7.03%      7.03% |      355156     74.58%     81.61% |       33955      7.13%     88.74% |       53626     11.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       476236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       26885     28.11%     28.11% |       12251     12.81%     40.92% |       27932     29.20%     70.12% |       28574     29.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        95642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |        9958      2.48%      2.48% |      353724     87.96%     90.44% |        9751      2.42%     92.86% |       28700      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total       402133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |        6437      1.69%      1.69% |      342403     89.98%     91.67% |        6142      1.61%     93.29% |       25540      6.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       380522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7078      2.30%      2.30% |      277436     90.24%     92.54% |        7506      2.44%     94.98% |       15438      5.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       307458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       24824     19.66%     19.66% |       43268     34.27%     53.94% |       25541     20.23%     74.17% |       32611     25.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       126244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1597      3.75%      3.75% |       34452     81.00%     84.75% |         908      2.13%     86.89% |        5577     13.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        42534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |        3523     16.30%     16.30% |       11321     52.38%     68.67% |        3611     16.71%     85.38% |        3160     14.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        21615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      109830      0.17%      0.17% |    62580383     99.27%     99.44% |      102302      0.16%     99.60% |      251152      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     63043667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      514912      0.14%      0.14% |   374775740     99.39%     99.53% |      474388      0.13%     99.65% |     1313256      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    377078296                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       89097      0.41%      0.41% |    21132957     98.36%     98.78% |       79808      0.37%     99.15% |      182879      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21484741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       26885     28.11%     28.11% |       12251     12.81%     40.92% |       27932     29.20%     70.12% |       28574     29.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        95642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |        6435      1.69%      1.69% |      342403     89.98%     91.67% |        6140      1.61%     93.29% |       25540      6.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total       380518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |        6437      1.69%      1.69% |      342403     89.98%     91.67% |        6142      1.61%     93.29% |       25540      6.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       380522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       31902      7.36%      7.36% |      320704     73.95%     81.30% |       33047      7.62%     88.92% |       48049     11.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       433702                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1597      3.75%      3.75% |       34452     81.00%     84.75% |         908      2.13%     86.89% |        5577     13.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        42534                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.522522                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                522522274000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52431152233001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 152975                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   276725                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              277111351                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2083816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1885.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288450428                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521793505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8587264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           8587264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8622080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8622080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       134176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             134176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       134720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            134720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     16434254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             16434254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     16500885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            16500885                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     32935140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            32935140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     134176                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    134720                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   134176                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  134720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               6835648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                1751616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                7589120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                8587264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8622080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 27369                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                16136                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             7092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             5232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            3778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           17084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           17290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            9468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             5749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            4477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            4054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           18013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 522521726000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               134176                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              134720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 105423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1315                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  7043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  7274                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  7280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  7271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  7276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  7271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  7276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  7276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  7267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  7260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  7251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  7251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  7248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  7246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  7244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  7243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       108124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.414228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.918502                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   133.759308                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        66951     61.92%     61.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24627     22.78%     84.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10365      9.59%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2914      2.70%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1418      1.31%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          731      0.68%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          506      0.47%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          327      0.30%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          285      0.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       108124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.746238                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.659899                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             10      0.14%      0.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             16      0.22%      0.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-5             76      1.05%      1.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            214      2.95%      4.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            252      3.48%      7.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          379      5.23%     13.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-13          973     13.43%     26.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         2334     32.22%     58.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         2174     30.02%     88.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          439      6.06%     94.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          145      2.00%     96.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           87      1.20%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           50      0.69%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           32      0.44%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           31      0.43%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           10      0.14%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            7      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::34-35            5      0.07%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            4      0.06%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            2      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.371669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.353230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.798669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            5926     81.82%     81.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              23      0.32%     82.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1220     16.84%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              68      0.94%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               5      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1891105465                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3893736715                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 534035000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    17705.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               36455.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       13.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       14.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    16.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    16.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   47376                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  69890                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                44.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               58.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1943211.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               349022520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               190438875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              295386000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             267267600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         34444768800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         45680588595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        276347091750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          357574564140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           678.042606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 458512989002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17448340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  46565399748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               547631280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               298806750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              614226600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             565891920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         34444768800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         65921948370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        258591513000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          360984786720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           684.509163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 428993250749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17448340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  76085651501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9490112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           9490112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      9526272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        9526272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       148283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             148283                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       148848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            148848                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18162120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             18162120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     18231322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            18231322                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     36393442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            36393442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     148283                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    148848                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   148283                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  148848                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               6827712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                2662400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7586752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                9490112                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             9526272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 41600                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                30293                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             7363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           16764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           17992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            9670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             5380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             4050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             4204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             5263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            4436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           17317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 522521360500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               148283                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              148848                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 105357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  7041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  7276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  7266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  7255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  7271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  7264                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  7262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  7268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  7260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  7250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  7252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  7240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  7241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  7237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  7235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  7234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       108429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   132.943327                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   100.624703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   132.941559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        67548     62.30%     62.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24047     22.18%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10671      9.84%     94.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2939      2.71%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1403      1.29%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          781      0.72%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          426      0.39%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          335      0.31%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          279      0.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       108429                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.746199                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.551677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             15      0.21%      0.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             20      0.28%      0.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5             51      0.71%      1.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            280      3.87%      5.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            157      2.17%      7.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          290      4.01%     11.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13          993     13.73%     24.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         2407     33.27%     58.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         2257     31.20%     89.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          431      5.96%     95.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          144      1.99%     97.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           78      1.08%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           46      0.64%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           25      0.35%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           13      0.18%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            4      0.06%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            7      0.10%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35            4      0.06%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            3      0.04%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            3      0.04%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            2      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-57            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-61            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.386923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.367832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.812593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            5870     81.14%     81.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17              16      0.22%     81.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1269     17.54%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              71      0.98%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               8      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1879791722                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3880097972                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 533415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17620.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               36370.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       13.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       14.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    18.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    18.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   46810                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  69994                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                43.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               59.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1758555.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   51.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               352288440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               192220875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              295542000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             274978800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         34444768800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         45180829980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        276785476500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          357526105395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           677.950717                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 459155352501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17448340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  45922896749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               547011360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy               298468500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              613813200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             558880560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         34444768800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         69141464550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        255767376000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          361371782970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           685.242995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 424359222250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17448340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  80719452500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8302784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           8302784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      8339136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        8339136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       129731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             129731                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       130299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            130299                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     15889818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             15889818                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     15959389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            15959389                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     31849207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            31849207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     129731                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    130299                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   129731                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  130299                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               6978048                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                1324736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7693504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                8302784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             8339136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                 20699                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                10088                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             7140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             5618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             2973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             3443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             3701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             3832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             2812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            3967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           17006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           17858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           10639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             6123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             4043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             5235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             5542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            4229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           13265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           17559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 522522120500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               129731                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              130299                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 107719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  7184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  7375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  7382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  7368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  7372                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  7386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  7368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  7386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  7384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  7369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  7364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  7361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  7355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  7352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  7350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  7349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       112342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.602909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.393093                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.298471                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        70707     62.94%     62.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        24963     22.22%     85.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10662      9.49%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2846      2.53%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1279      1.14%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          847      0.75%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          501      0.45%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          296      0.26%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          241      0.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       112342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.836304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.512868                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             15      0.20%      0.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             49      0.67%      0.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5             78      1.06%      1.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            100      1.36%      3.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            191      2.60%      5.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          397      5.40%     11.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13          937     12.75%     24.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         2464     33.53%     57.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         2297     31.26%     88.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          445      6.06%     94.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          158      2.15%     97.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           99      1.35%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           56      0.76%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           27      0.37%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29            9      0.12%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31            7      0.10%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            5      0.07%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::34-35            4      0.05%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            2      0.03%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39            2      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41            5      0.07%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7349                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.357464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.339025                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.800104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16            6090     82.87%     82.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17              18      0.24%     83.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            1123     15.28%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19             112      1.52%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.05%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7349                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1980243467                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4024593467                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 545160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    18162.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               36912.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       13.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       14.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    15.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    15.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   46737                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  70172                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                42.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               58.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                   2009468.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   51.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy               358699320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy               195718875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              301072200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy             270909360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         34444768800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         46042364745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        276029744250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          357643277550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           678.172902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 458003341001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17448340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  47075770249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy               569668680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy               310831125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              625786200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy             572618160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         34444768800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         70920128745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        254207144250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          361650945960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           685.772352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 421696301750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17448340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  83381177000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     10513856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          10513856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     10548608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       10548608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       164279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             164279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       164822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            164822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20121355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             20121355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20187863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            20187863                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     40309218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            40309218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     164279                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    164822                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   164279                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  164822                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               6928768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                3585088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7753408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               10513856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            10548608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                 56017                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                43684                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             6745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             3074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             3557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             3273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             3711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             3046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             3886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             5091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            3594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           17189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            9629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             5160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             5081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             5552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           13055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           17707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           23006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 522522080500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               164279                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              164822                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 107035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  7223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  7417                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  7418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  7428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  7422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  7426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  7416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  7427                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  7421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  7404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  7404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  7394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  7398                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  7396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  7393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  7393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       112159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   130.907872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.495966                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   130.710643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        70565     62.92%     62.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        25003     22.29%     85.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10269      9.16%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3091      2.76%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1395      1.24%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          779      0.69%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          481      0.43%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          359      0.32%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          217      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       112159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.644799                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.694416                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             16      0.22%      0.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             47      0.64%      0.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            134      1.81%      2.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::6-7            164      2.22%      4.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-9            164      2.22%      7.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::10-11          344      4.65%     11.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-13         1161     15.70%     27.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::14-15         2408     32.57%     60.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-17         2153     29.12%     89.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::18-19          456      6.17%     95.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          145      1.96%     97.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           74      1.00%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           44      0.60%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           30      0.41%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           20      0.27%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::30-31           13      0.18%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-33            9      0.12%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::34-35            3      0.04%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-37            2      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            2      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7393                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.386717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.367539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.814786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16            6003     81.20%     81.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17              16      0.22%     81.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            1289     17.44%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19              78      1.06%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               4      0.05%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7393                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1936207723                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3966120223                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 541310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    17884.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               36634.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       13.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       14.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    20.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    20.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   46679                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  70574                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                43.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               58.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                   1587725.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   51.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy               346716720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy               189180750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              281431800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy             267611040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         34444768800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         45877287330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        276174549000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          357581545440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           678.055844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 458166600003                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  17448340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  46908454747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy               575580600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy               314056875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              636784200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy             578761200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         34444768800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         73196562825                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        252210272250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          361956786750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           686.352296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 418255804500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  17448340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  86821145250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1052441300                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1458378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2832041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2785255                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3495                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      71531                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       205587                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2785255                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3495                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5700230                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2239867                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1506102                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             920529                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       694703                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     419864                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    274839                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1039614598.569356                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              12826701.430644                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.012188                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.987812                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           300590                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                22922      0.81%      0.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2104416     74.30%     75.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3156      0.11%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4492      0.16%     75.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2581      0.09%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  419864     14.82%     90.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 274839      9.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2832270                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1039498529                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  266250010                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    480145681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            270497361                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270609971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9888591                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15066620                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   270497361                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270609971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          514478818                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176803014                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446710990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249463015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           107383625                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83253052                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84276701                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63018158                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21258543                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              86342998.656835                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              953155530.343165                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.916938                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.083062                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27148607                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                19405      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                245470502     51.12%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3366      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     2294      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150373634     31.32%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63018158     13.12%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21258543      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 480145902                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1042854488                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3079593                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5848352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5782696                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16260                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     111619                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       465768                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5782696                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16260                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11443213                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4632810                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26363                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12860                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3147165                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2030615                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1290773                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     748633                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    542140                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1021188067.846758                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              21666420.153242                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.020776                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.979224                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           649045                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                30652      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4502196     76.98%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4661      0.08%     77.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     8190      0.14%     77.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12149      0.21%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  748633     12.80%     90.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 542140      9.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5848669                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1042714840                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16343134                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     30536222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             30117857                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                330046                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     657994                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2466394                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    30117857                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       330046                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           58695587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24420484                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              499491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             255399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            16017158                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10203151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6642699                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3918632                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2724067                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              971635199.220377                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              71079640.779623                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.068168                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.931832                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3399885                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               156571      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 23282036     76.24%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92926      0.30%     77.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   148625      0.49%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 213581      0.70%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3918632     12.83%     91.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2724067      8.92%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  30536470                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1150                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1159                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1159                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                78                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               78                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           90                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1694                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           76                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          348                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          250                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           44                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          847                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1645                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          387                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1309                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          125                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1095                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               164000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               250482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1759000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              371997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              429992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              425989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              477484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               62496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1799500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              382000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1063500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              592000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                2434625                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.022505                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.423084                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     2427288     99.70%     99.70% |        3690      0.15%     99.85% |        3215      0.13%     99.98% |         239      0.01%     99.99% |         192      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  2434625                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    958212716                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001210                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   958211313    100.00%    100.00% |        1403      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    958212716                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      958212716                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.120501                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.005584                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         4.214090                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   958108330     99.99%     99.99% |       55879      0.01%     99.99% |       37288      0.00%    100.00% |        4544      0.00%    100.00% |        4942      0.00%    100.00% |        1416      0.00%    100.00% |         147      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        958212716                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    956995375                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   956995375    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    956995375                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1217341                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    95.850876                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    80.060870                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.662134                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1112955     91.43%     91.43% |       55879      4.59%     96.02% |       37288      3.06%     99.08% |        4544      0.37%     99.45% |        4942      0.41%     99.86% |        1416      0.12%     99.97% |         147      0.01%     99.99% |         158      0.01%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1217341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       260302                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr       957039                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      2532690                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses        88894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      2621584                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    459387991                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       387255                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    459775246                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5265262                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       106149                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5371411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits     28202728                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       158807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     28361535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.042337                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2        88894                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2        38264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       138711                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        88083                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2       711152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      2755008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9987192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       704664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.185356                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2       387255                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2       359421                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       415402                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       387568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2      3098040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2     25878312                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29908944                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3100544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.050762                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       106149                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        70834                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       141360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       106049                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2       849192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      5100048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10177920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       848392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.076127                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       158807                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2       107931                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       210292                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       159416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      1270456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      7771032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     15141024                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1275328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.065968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2       170683                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2       134160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4       134162                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       170685                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2      1365464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2      9659520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9659664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1365480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.072741                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2       185203                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2       148289                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4       148273                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       185221                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2      1481624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2     10676808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10675656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1481768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.064540                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2       180769                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2       129739                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4       129731                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       180777                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2      1446152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2      9341208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9340632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1446216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.080544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2       204450                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2       164262                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4       164279                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       204433                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2      1635600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2     11826864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11828088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1635464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000114                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.063849                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2       741105                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2       576450                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       741105                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       741116                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2      5928840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2     41504400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     53359560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      5928928                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         2223315                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data            1729350                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      2223405                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      2236878                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         17786520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data           124513200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    160085160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     17895024                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042492                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        88894                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        88083                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6400368                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       704664                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.042181                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2        88894                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        38264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        49817                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       711152                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2755008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3586824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.185297                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       387255                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       387568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27882360                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3100544                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.185416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       387255                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       359421                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28147                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3098040                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     25878312                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2026584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.050782                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       106149                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       106049                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7642728                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       848392                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.050742                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       106149                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        70834                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        35211                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       849192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5100048                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2535192                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.076010                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       158807                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       159416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11434104                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1275328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.076243                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       158807                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       107931                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        51485                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1270456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      7771032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3706920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.065964                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       170683                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       134160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1365464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2      9659520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.065972                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       134162                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       170685                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9659664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1365480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.072742                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       185203                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       148289                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1481624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     10676808                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.072741                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       148273                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       185221                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10675656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1481768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064542                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       180769                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       129739                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1446152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2      9341208                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.064539                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       129731                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       180777                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9340632                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1446216                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.080540                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2       204450                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2       164262                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1635600                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2     11826864                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.080547                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       164279                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       204433                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11828088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1635464                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000109                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.042492                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        88894                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        88083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6400368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       704664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.185297                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       387255                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       387568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27882360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3100544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.050782                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       106149                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       106049                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7642728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       848392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.076010                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       158807                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       159416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11434104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1275328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.065964                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2       170683                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2       134160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2      1365464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2      9659520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.072742                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2       185203                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2       148289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2      1481624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2     10676808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.064542                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2       180769                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2       129739                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2      1446152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2      9341208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.080540                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2       204450                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2       164262                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2      1635600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2     11826864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1217341                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001544                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.100817                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1217022     99.97%     99.97% |          33      0.00%     99.98% |          69      0.01%     99.98% |         102      0.01%     99.99% |         112      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1217341                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       1217284                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.043467                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.589038                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     1210233     99.42%     99.42% |        3519      0.29%     99.71% |        3100      0.25%     99.96% |         239      0.02%     99.98% |         192      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         1217284                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131337203                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.542375                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.024148                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.109467                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131276809     99.95%     99.95% |       27983      0.02%     99.98% |       25109      0.02%     99.99% |        2920      0.00%    100.00% |        3174      0.00%    100.00% |         989      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131337203                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    130633948                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   130633948    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    130633948                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       703255                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   102.291925                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.155268                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.748628                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      642861     91.41%     91.41% |       27983      3.98%     95.39% |       25109      3.57%     98.96% |        2920      0.42%     99.38% |        3174      0.45%     99.83% |         989      0.14%     99.97% |          98      0.01%     99.98% |         113      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       703255                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46218037                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.332472                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.012083                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      7.579296                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46202058     99.97%     99.97% |        7709      0.02%     99.98% |        6372      0.01%    100.00% |         916      0.00%    100.00% |         783      0.00%    100.00% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46218037                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     46102723                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46102723    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     46102723                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       115314                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.255433                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.208332                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.881284                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       99335     86.14%     86.14% |        7709      6.69%     92.83% |        6372      5.53%     98.35% |         916      0.79%     99.15% |         783      0.68%     99.83% |         154      0.13%     99.96% |          22      0.02%     99.98% |          19      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       115314                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780399070                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.035311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002047                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.027777                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780373164    100.00%    100.00% |       18704      0.00%    100.00% |        5340      0.00%    100.00% |         663      0.00%    100.00% |         894      0.00%    100.00% |         258      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780399070                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    780011151                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   780011151    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    780011151                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       387919                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    72.036894                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    61.195619                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.818886                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      362013     93.32%     93.32% |       18704      4.82%     98.14% |        5340      1.38%     99.52% |         663      0.17%     99.69% |         894      0.23%     99.92% |         258      0.07%     99.99% |          24      0.01%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       387919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.172960                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.213634                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.607438                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      132279     99.27%     99.27% |         625      0.47%     99.74% |         269      0.20%     99.94% |          18      0.01%     99.95% |          52      0.04%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       127788                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      127788    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       127788                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   127.065838                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.003028                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.252057                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4491     82.13%     82.13% |         625     11.43%     93.56% |         269      4.92%     98.48% |          18      0.33%     98.81% |          52      0.95%     99.76% |           8      0.15%     99.91% |           2      0.04%     99.95% |           3      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5468                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62575                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.903332                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.483970                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.278694                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       61445     98.19%     98.19% |         858      1.37%     99.57% |         198      0.32%     99.88% |          27      0.04%     99.92% |          39      0.06%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        62575                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        57190                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       57190    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        57190                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.079109                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.174969                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.322691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4255     79.02%     79.02% |         858     15.93%     94.95% |         198      3.68%     98.63% |          27      0.50%     99.13% |          39      0.72%     99.85% |           7      0.13%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62575                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62575    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        62575                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        62575                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62575    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        62575                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       260302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.148889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.105901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.136715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      260269     99.99%     99.99% |          10      0.00%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       260302                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       957039                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.369162                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    93.026289                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.130519                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      852662     89.09%     89.09% |       55870      5.84%     94.93% |       37288      3.90%     98.83% |        4544      0.47%     99.30% |        4942      0.52%     99.82% |        1416      0.15%     99.97% |         147      0.02%     99.98% |         158      0.02%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       957039                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        44641                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.284469                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.234710                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.523121                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       44627     99.97%     99.97% |           3      0.01%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        44641                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       658614                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   106.088123                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    89.867727                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.645249                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      598227     90.83%     90.83% |       27976      4.25%     95.08% |       25109      3.81%     98.89% |        2920      0.44%     99.33% |        3174      0.48%     99.82% |         989      0.15%     99.97% |          98      0.01%     99.98% |         113      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       658614                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1890                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    48.358730                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    48.334458                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.505729                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         313     16.56%     16.56% |        1577     83.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1890                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       113424                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.686742                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   125.144480                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.630292                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       97445     85.91%     85.91% |        7709      6.80%     92.71% |        6372      5.62%     98.33% |         916      0.81%     99.13% |         783      0.69%     99.82% |         154      0.14%     99.96% |          22      0.02%     99.98% |          19      0.02%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       113424                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       212106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.101694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.060421                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.041509                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      157935     74.46%     74.46% |       54152     25.53%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       212106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       175813                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.325886                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.215352                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.991113                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      149909     85.27%     85.27% |       18702     10.64%     95.90% |        5340      3.04%     98.94% |         663      0.38%     99.32% |         894      0.51%     99.83% |         258      0.15%     99.97% |          24      0.01%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       175813                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          452                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.639381                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.616464                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.477262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         382     84.51%     84.51% |          70     15.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          452                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5016                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.403309                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.445953                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.612200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4039     80.52%     80.52% |         625     12.46%     92.98% |         269      5.36%     98.35% |          18      0.36%     98.70% |          52      1.04%     99.74% |           8      0.16%     99.90% |           2      0.04%     99.94% |           3      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5016                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1213                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.158285                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.121009                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.888739                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         870     71.72%     71.72% |         342     28.19%     99.92% |           1      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1213                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4172                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.408437                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.291343                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.385731                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3042     72.91%     72.91% |         858     20.57%     93.48% |         198      4.75%     98.23% |          27      0.65%     98.87% |          39      0.93%     99.81% |           7      0.17%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4172                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      170734     23.03%     23.03% |      185229     24.99%     48.02% |      180838     24.39%     72.41% |      204493     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total       741294                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      134160     23.27%     23.27% |      148288     25.72%     49.00% |      129739     22.51%     71.50% |      164262     28.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total       576449                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      134176     23.28%     23.28% |      148283     25.72%     49.00% |      129731     22.50%     71.50% |      164279     28.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       576469                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      134720     23.28%     23.28% |      148848     25.72%     49.00% |      130299     22.52%     71.52% |      164822     28.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       578689                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      134162     23.27%     23.27% |      148273     25.72%     49.00% |      129731     22.51%     71.50% |      164279     28.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       576445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |       36521     22.18%     22.18% |       36930     22.43%     44.61% |       51038     31.00%     75.60% |       40171     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       164660                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      134156     23.27%     23.27% |      148286     25.72%     49.00% |      129739     22.51%     71.50% |      164262     28.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total       576443                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          51     28.65%     28.65% |          22     12.36%     41.01% |          67     37.64%     78.65% |          38     21.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          178                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      134162     23.27%     23.27% |      148273     25.72%     49.00% |      129731     22.51%     71.50% |      164279     28.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       576445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     36.36%     36.36% |           2     18.18%     54.55% |           5     45.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      134156     23.27%     23.27% |      148286     25.72%     49.00% |      129739     22.51%     71.50% |      164262     28.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       576443                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      397734      0.59%      0.59% |    63004809     92.67%     93.26% |      726075      1.07%     94.33% |     3857460      5.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     67986078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1922930      0.48%      0.48% |   375493029     93.13%     93.61% |     4070195      1.01%     94.62% |    21708376      5.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403194530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      300920      1.21%      1.21% |    21277408     85.28%     86.49% |      575141      2.31%     88.79% |     2795699     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     24949168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       88894     11.99%     11.99% |      387255     52.25%     64.25% |      106149     14.32%     78.57% |      158807     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total       741105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       49817     30.25%     30.25% |       28147     17.09%     47.35% |       35211     21.38%     68.73% |       51485     31.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       164660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           4     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           8     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       46303      7.55%      7.55% |      373465     60.92%     68.47% |       77203     12.59%     81.06% |      116098     18.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total       613069                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       38264      6.64%      6.64% |      359420     62.35%     68.99% |       70834     12.29%     81.28% |      107931     18.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       576449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       23478      5.93%      5.93% |      287033     72.52%     78.45% |       36681      9.27%     87.72% |       48605     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       395797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       54955     21.00%     21.00% |       61147     23.37%     44.37% |       56809     21.71%     66.08% |       88764     33.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       261675                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       10461     12.51%     12.51% |       39075     46.72%     59.23% |       12659     15.14%     74.37% |       21438     25.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        83633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |        8041     21.95%     21.95% |       14044     38.35%     60.30% |        6373     17.40%     77.70% |        8167     22.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        36625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      374256      0.55%      0.55% |    62717776     92.79%     93.34% |      689394      1.02%     94.36% |     3808855      5.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     67590281                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     1867975      0.46%      0.46% |   375431882     93.17%     93.64% |     4013386      1.00%     94.63% |    21619612      5.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    402932855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      290459      1.17%      1.17% |    21238333     85.41%     86.58% |      562482      2.26%     88.84% |     2774261     11.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24865535                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       49817     30.25%     30.25% |       28146     17.09%     47.35% |       35211     21.38%     68.73% |       51485     31.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       164659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       38262      6.64%      6.64% |      359421     62.35%     68.99% |       70830     12.29%     81.28% |      107931     18.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total       576444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       38264      6.64%      6.64% |      359420     62.35%     68.99% |       70834     12.29%     81.28% |      107931     18.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total       576449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       78433     11.93%     11.93% |      348180     52.96%     64.89% |       93490     14.22%     79.11% |      137369     20.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total       657472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       10461     12.51%     12.51% |       39075     46.72%     59.23% |       12659     15.14%     74.37% |       21438     25.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        83633                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
