
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.943282                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2943281857500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55173333412001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 117634                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   175602                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              475698778                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2460184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6187.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   727832538                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1086501578                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    763469504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         763469504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    763466688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      763466688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11929211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total           11929211                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11929167                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total          11929167                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    259393949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            259393949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    259392992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           259392992                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    518786941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           518786941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                   11929211                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                  11929167                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                 11929211                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                11929167                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             745845312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               17624192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              762440960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              763469504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           763466688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                275378                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                16023                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0          1318016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           650033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           707445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           514140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           510213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           516173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           414192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           406115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           535447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           514286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          525272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          523339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          673623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          770969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14         1018708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15         2055862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0          1351338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           664233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           733760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           517897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           515597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           521641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           416410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           409144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           558299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           526640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          534811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          535722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          682531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          784047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14         1041221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15         2119849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2943281808000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6             11929211                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6            11929167                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0               11626241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  27592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 19381                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 20912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                732925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                742958                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                743430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                743078                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                742805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                743385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                744039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                743175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                742929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                742363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                742038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                741928                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                741924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                741877                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                741864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                741866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     15039046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.291425                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.962787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   112.572896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127     11878501     78.98%     78.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2200578     14.63%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       518907      3.45%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       179157      1.19%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        78172      0.52%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        40522      0.27%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        34893      0.23%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        20844      0.14%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        87472      0.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     15039046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       741864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.708850                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.733682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            227      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           2676      0.36%      0.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          5306      0.72%      1.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       174807     23.56%     24.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       554718     74.77%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1567      0.21%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          595      0.08%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          846      0.11%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          605      0.08%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          182      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           97      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           27      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            5      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           18      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            3      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            4      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           11      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79          115      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           42      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       741864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       741864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.058388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.054910                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.348411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          720823     97.16%     97.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             898      0.12%     97.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           18171      2.45%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1854      0.25%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              92      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              16      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       741864                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                288182844787                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           506692213537                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               58269165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24728.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43478.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      253.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      259.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   259.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   259.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.73                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 2857951                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                5669985                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                24.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               47.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    123364.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   36.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             50785910280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             27710566125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            39350376000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           33298458480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        192562175520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1406408424570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        535229319000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2285345229975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           775.165878                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 881593551005                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  98282860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1963411737745                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             63056500920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             34405828875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            51706629000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           44028476640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        192562175520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1423054354590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        520627626000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2329441591545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           790.122916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 857272142254                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  98282860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1987732002246                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    756783808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         756783808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    756781824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      756781824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11824747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           11824747                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11824716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total          11824716                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    257122438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            257122438                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    257121764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           257121764                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    514244203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           514244203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                   11824747                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                  11824716                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                 11824747                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                11824716                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             740665408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               16118400                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              755963328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              756783808                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           756781824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                251850                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                12798                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0          1317569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           614357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           693036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           510717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           505792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           513520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           403994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           406894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           536379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           510521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          529328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          519386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          672713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          779395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14         1022816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15         2036480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0          1347588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           621246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           721398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           514558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           509604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           519116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           406178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           409861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           560574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           522417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          537379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          528087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          680256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          792619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14         1044401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15         2096645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2943281931000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6             11824747                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6            11824716                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0               11546426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  26470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 17648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                727500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                736752                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                737330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                736934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                736730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                737289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                737762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                736865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                736628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                736199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                735919                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                735867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                735827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                735807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                735795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                735793                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples     14926584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.266051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.899825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   112.936555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127     11805863     79.09%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2168315     14.53%     93.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       515385      3.45%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       175427      1.18%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        77164      0.52%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        40693      0.27%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        34278      0.23%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21157      0.14%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        88302      0.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total     14926584                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       735792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.728502                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.693128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            776      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           2236      0.30%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          3731      0.51%      0.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       167149     22.72%     23.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       558147     75.86%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1243      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          759      0.10%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          737      0.10%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          507      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          185      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           63      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           39      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           20      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            5      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            7      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           27      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71           21      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           12      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79           68      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           52      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       735792                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       735792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.053351                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.050200                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.331363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          716574     97.39%     97.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             836      0.11%     97.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           16819      2.29%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1492      0.20%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              58      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       735792                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                286638214511                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           503630033261                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               57864485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24768.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               43518.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      251.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      256.84                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   257.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   257.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 2823342                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                5634907                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                24.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    124454.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   36.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             50135757840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             27355820250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            38799438600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           32774880960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        192562175520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1402277267205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        538853141250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2282758481625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           774.288479                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 887583294501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  98282860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1957421490749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             62851458600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             34293950625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            51622927200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           43892066160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        192562175520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        1420920854280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        522499117500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2328642549885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           789.851889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 860393428751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  98282860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1984610093499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5882794238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2335865                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      5102824                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4992095                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     150960                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       336584                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4992095                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           10144763                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           4138570                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2817731                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1524313                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1202696                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     742361                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    460335                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5862750002.604805                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              20044235.395195                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003407                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996593                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           533534                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                89497      1.75%      1.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3770988     73.90%     75.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    9595      0.19%     75.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    30051      0.59%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  742361     14.55%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 460335      9.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   5102827                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5885578072                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    4594266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      9311854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              9139278                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     246227                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       758645                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     9139278                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           18255446                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           7459766                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             5735373                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            3088888                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2132187                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1372959                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    759228                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5841408408.984713                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              44169663.015287                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.007505                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.992495                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1055577                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                83693      0.90%      0.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7054660     75.76%     76.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   12002      0.13%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    27968      0.30%     77.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.02%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1372959     14.74%     91.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 759228      8.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   9311944                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5885170312                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2105491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4545911                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4444164                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     124394                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       321091                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4444164                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            9038674                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3689859                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2574277                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1343983                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1081502                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     671412                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    410090                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5866356890.361862                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              18813421.638138                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.003197                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.996803                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           486446                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                87370      1.92%      1.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3336948     73.41%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    8941      0.20%     75.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    31142      0.69%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  671412     14.77%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 410090      9.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4545933                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5889806660                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  717453164                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1065067258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            464569548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708837843                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     921055                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     10868976                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   464569548                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708837843                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          973259323                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         344328113                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593836311                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654311799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           111943248                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          201817973                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    129526531                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   75554341                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  53972190                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              17989144.874468                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5871817515.125532                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.996946                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.003054                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12086257                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               318763      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                431828560     40.54%     40.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   90712      0.01%     40.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     2419      0.00%     40.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503316796     47.26%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                75554341      7.09%     94.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               53972190      5.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1065083781                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   85                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  85                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3010                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3010                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                14                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               14                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1510                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    6218                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2995                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3117                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3004                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3020                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    12160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                38996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1565500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1600998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1814500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1942976                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                7000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1138000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1279500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1127000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1134000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               48511300                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002232                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.133060                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    48495561     99.97%     99.97% |        1419      0.00%     99.97% |        1501      0.00%     99.97% |        4102      0.01%     99.98% |        8008      0.02%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 48511300                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1231096102                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000430                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1231095874    100.00%    100.00% |         228      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1231096102                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1231096102                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.833877                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.101166                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        22.550629                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1220494812     99.14%     99.14% |     8905509      0.72%     99.86% |     1281690      0.10%     99.97% |      167905      0.01%     99.98% |      180271      0.01%     99.99% |       53286      0.00%    100.00% |        4442      0.00%    100.00% |        7296      0.00%    100.00% |         881      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1231096102                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1206840415                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1206840415    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1206840415                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24255687                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   144.833288                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   133.115526                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.364291                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    13654397     56.29%     56.29% |     8905509     36.72%     93.01% |     1281690      5.28%     98.29% |      167905      0.69%     98.99% |      180271      0.74%     99.73% |       53286      0.22%     99.95% |        4442      0.02%     99.97% |        7296      0.03%    100.00% |         881      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     24255687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       501729                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     23753958                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      4111170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       196976                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      4308146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7907322                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       253860                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      8161182                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3686601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       193419                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      3880020                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1191135322                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses     23611432                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1214746754                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.016737                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       196976                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2        30933                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       363165                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       197122                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1575808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      2227176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     26147880                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1576976                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.021580                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2       253860                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2        91042                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       417077                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       254259                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2030880                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2      6555024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     30029544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2034072                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.016421                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       193419                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        26323                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       360330                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       193234                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2      1547352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      1895256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     25943760                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1545872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     2.005518                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2     23611432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2     23605586                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23616844                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23610998                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2    188891456                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2   1699602192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1700412768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    188887984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     1.015270                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2     12166337                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2     11929168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11929211                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12166294                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     97330696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    858900096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    858903192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     97330352                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     1.006631                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2     12089350                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2     11824716                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11824747                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12089319                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     96714800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    851379552                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    851381784                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     96714552                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.510270                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2     24255687                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2     23753884                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4     24255687                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     24255613                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2    194045496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2   1710279648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1746409464                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    194044904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        72767061                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           71261652                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     72767061                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     72766839                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        582136488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          5130838944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5239228392                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    582134712                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016732                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       196976                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       197122                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14182272                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1576976                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016742                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       196976                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        30933                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       166189                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1575808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2227176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11965608                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021566                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       253860                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       254259                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18277920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2034072                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021593                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       253860                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        91042                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       163217                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2030880                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      6555024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     11751624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016427                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       193419                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       193234                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13926168                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1545872                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016415                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       193419                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        26323                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       166911                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1547352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1895256                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     12017592                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     2.005532                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23611432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23610998                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1700023104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    188887984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     2.005503                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     23611432                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     23605586                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         5412                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2    188891456                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2   1699602192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       389664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     1.015268                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2     12166337                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2     11929168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     97330696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    858900096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     1.015271                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11929211                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12166294                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    858903192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     97330352                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     1.006630                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2     12089350                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2     11824716                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     96714800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    851379552                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     1.006632                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11824747                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12089319                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    851381784                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     96714552                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016732                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       196976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       197122                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14182272                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1576976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021566                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       253860                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       254259                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18277920                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2034072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.016427                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       193419                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       193234                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13926168                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1545872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     2.005532                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23611432                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23610998                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1700023104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    188887984                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     1.015268                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2     12166337                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2     11929168                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     97330696                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    858900096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     1.006630                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2     12089350                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2     11824716                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     96714800                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    851379552                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      24255687                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000139                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.031869                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    24255199    100.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |         264      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        24255687                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      24255613                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.004326                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.185433                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    24240362     99.94%     99.94% |        1390      0.01%     99.94% |        1480      0.01%     99.95% |        3944      0.02%     99.97% |        7744      0.03%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          91      0.00%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        24255613                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89352286                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean      22.630184                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.103058                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     58.976411                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    84096778     94.12%     94.12% |     4278519      4.79%     98.91% |      719839      0.81%     99.71% |      112504      0.13%     99.84% |      107158      0.12%     99.96% |       30279      0.03%     99.99% |        2372      0.00%     99.99% |        4254      0.00%    100.00% |         577      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89352286                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     75734927                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    75734927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     75734927                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13617359                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   142.929608                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.351644                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.820698                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     8361851     61.41%     61.41% |     4278519     31.42%     92.83% |      719839      5.29%     98.11% |      112504      0.83%     98.94% |      107158      0.79%     99.72% |       30279      0.22%     99.95% |        2372      0.02%     99.96% |        4254      0.03%    100.00% |         577      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     13617359                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     55331467                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      27.287757                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.353285                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     64.546822                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    50143775     90.62%     90.62% |     4506408      8.14%     98.77% |      534143      0.97%     99.73% |       51554      0.09%     99.83% |       68835      0.12%     99.95% |       21605      0.04%     99.99% |        1968      0.00%     99.99% |        2893      0.01%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      55331467                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45815324                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45815324    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     45815324                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9516143                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   153.849761                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   144.909063                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.856069                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     4328451     45.49%     45.49% |     4506408     47.36%     92.84% |      534143      5.61%     98.45% |       51554      0.54%     99.00% |       68835      0.72%     99.72% |       21605      0.23%     99.95% |        1968      0.02%     99.97% |        2893      0.03%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9516143                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1060253711                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.067801                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003392                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.058852                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1060134393     99.99%     99.99% |       96121      0.01%    100.00% |       16637      0.00%    100.00% |        2668      0.00%    100.00% |        2768      0.00%    100.00% |         945      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1060253711                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1059414902                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1059414902    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1059414902                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       838809                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.700801                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    72.269514                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.991706                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      719491     85.78%     85.78% |       96121     11.46%     97.23% |       16637      1.98%     99.22% |        2668      0.32%     99.54% |        2768      0.33%     99.87% |         945      0.11%     99.98% |          58      0.01%     99.99% |         107      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       838809                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     25656652                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.058795                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.047249                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.766990                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    25623860     99.87%     99.87% |       19772      0.08%     99.95% |       10120      0.04%     99.99% |        1016      0.00%     99.99% |        1371      0.01%    100.00% |         425      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     25656652                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     25391559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    25391559    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     25391559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       265093                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.473962                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.195603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.368577                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      232301     87.63%     87.63% |       19772      7.46%     95.09% |       10120      3.82%     98.91% |        1016      0.38%     99.29% |        1371      0.52%     99.81% |         425      0.16%     99.97% |          40      0.02%     99.98% |          41      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       265093                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       250993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.868291                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.418600                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    40.987585                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      245013     97.62%     97.62% |        4689      1.87%     99.49% |         951      0.38%     99.86% |         163      0.06%     99.93% |         139      0.06%     99.98% |          32      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       250993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       232710                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      232710    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       232710                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        18283                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.474047                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.553221                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.762966                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12303     67.29%     67.29% |        4689     25.65%     92.94% |         951      5.20%     98.14% |         163      0.89%     99.03% |         139      0.76%     99.79% |          32      0.18%     99.97% |           4      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        18283                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       250993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      250993    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       250993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       250993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      250993    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       250993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       501729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.130995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.096473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.807815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      361515     72.05%     72.05% |      140214     27.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       501729                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23753958                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   146.918069                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   136.130877                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.733743                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    13152668     55.37%     55.37% |     8905509     37.49%     92.86% |     1281690      5.40%     98.26% |      167905      0.71%     98.96% |      180271      0.76%     99.72% |       53286      0.22%     99.95% |        4442      0.02%     99.97% |        7296      0.03%    100.00% |         881      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     23753958                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        83302                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.365321                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.326655                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.912306                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       55212     66.28%     66.28% |       28090     33.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        83302                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13534057                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.523960                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.196905                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.672934                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     8278549     61.17%     61.17% |     4278519     31.61%     92.78% |      719839      5.32%     98.10% |      112504      0.83%     98.93% |      107158      0.79%     99.72% |       30279      0.22%     99.95% |        2372      0.02%     99.96% |        4254      0.03%    100.00% |         577      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     13534057                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          923                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.842904                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.814823                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.632845                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         732     79.31%     79.31% |         191     20.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          923                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9515220                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   153.860238                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   144.925250                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.851355                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4327528     45.48%     45.48% |     4506408     47.36%     92.84% |      534143      5.61%     98.45% |       51554      0.54%     99.00% |       68835      0.72%     99.72% |       21605      0.23%     99.95% |        1968      0.02%     99.97% |        2893      0.03%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9515220                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       415143                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.083111                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.049574                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.782003                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      304026     73.23%     73.23% |      111117     26.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       415143                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       423666                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.501374                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.395030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.376996                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      304348     71.84%     71.84% |       96121     22.69%     94.52% |       16637      3.93%     98.45% |        2668      0.63%     99.08% |        2768      0.65%     99.73% |         945      0.22%     99.96% |          58      0.01%     99.97% |         107      0.03%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       423666                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          757                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.080581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.077090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.582010                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         745     98.41%     98.41% |          12      1.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          757                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       264336                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.641188                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.360512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.406879                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      231544     87.59%     87.59% |       19772      7.48%     95.07% |       10120      3.83%     98.90% |        1016      0.38%     99.29% |        1371      0.52%     99.81% |         425      0.16%     99.97% |          40      0.02%     99.98% |          41      0.02%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       264336                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1604                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.016209                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.973659                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.000246                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         800     49.88%     49.88% |         804     50.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1604                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16679                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   145.077103                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   133.191266                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.056530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       10699     64.15%     64.15% |        4689     28.11%     92.26% |         951      5.70%     97.96% |         163      0.98%     98.94% |         139      0.83%     99.77% |          32      0.19%     99.96% |           4      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        16679                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |    12166337     50.16%     50.16% |    12089351     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     24255688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |    11929167     50.22%     50.22% |    11824716     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     23753883                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |    11929211     50.22%     50.22% |    11824747     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     23753958                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |    11929167     50.22%     50.22% |    11824716     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     23753883                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |    11929211     50.22%     50.22% |    11824747     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     23753958                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      237126     47.26%     47.26% |      264603     52.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       501729                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |    11929167     50.22%     50.22% |    11824716     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     23753883                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |    11929211     50.22%     50.22% |    11824747     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     23753958                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |    11929167     50.22%     50.22% |    11824716     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     23753883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      680495      0.76%      0.76% |     1255969      1.41%      2.17% |      623495      0.70%      2.87% |    86792327     97.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89352286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3106098      0.29%      0.29% |     6027208      0.57%      0.86% |     2798845      0.26%      1.13% |  1048321560     98.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1060253711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      521553      0.64%      0.64% |      878005      1.08%      1.72% |      457680      0.56%      2.28% |    79632867     97.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     81490105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      196976      0.81%      0.81% |      253860      1.05%      1.86% |      193419      0.80%      2.66% |    23611432     97.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     24255687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      166189     33.12%     33.12% |      163217     32.53%     65.65% |      166911     33.27%     98.92% |        5412      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       501729                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       50452      0.21%      0.21% |      106032      0.45%      0.66% |       41517      0.17%      0.83% |    23607616     99.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     23805617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       30933      0.13%      0.13% |       91042      0.38%      0.51% |       26323      0.11%      0.62% |    23605585     99.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     23753883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       39468      0.29%      0.29% |       85487      0.63%      0.92% |       41289      0.30%      1.22% |    13451115     98.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     13617359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      151929     18.11%     18.11% |      154178     18.38%     36.49% |      149088     17.77%     54.27% |      383614     45.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       838809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        5579      0.06%      0.06% |       14195      0.14%      0.20% |        3042      0.03%      0.23% |     9776703     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      9799519                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       19519     37.73%     37.73% |       14990     28.98%     66.71% |       15194     29.37%     96.08% |        2030      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        51733                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      641027      0.85%      0.85% |     1170482      1.55%      2.39% |      582206      0.77%      3.16% |    73341212     96.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     75734927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     2954169      0.28%      0.28% |     5873030      0.55%      0.83% |     2649757      0.25%      1.08% |  1047937946     98.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1059414902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      515974      0.72%      0.72% |      863810      1.20%      1.92% |      454638      0.63%      2.56% |    69856164     97.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     71690586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      166189     33.12%     33.12% |      163217     32.53%     65.65% |      166911     33.27%     98.92% |        5411      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       501728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       30933      0.13%      0.13% |       91042      0.38%      0.51% |       26323      0.11%      0.62% |    23605586     99.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     23753884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       30933      0.13%      0.13% |       91042      0.38%      0.51% |       26323      0.11%      0.62% |    23605585     99.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     23753883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      191397      1.32%      1.32% |      239665      1.66%      2.98% |      190377      1.32%      4.30% |    13834729     95.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     14456168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        5579      0.06%      0.06% |       14195      0.14%      0.20% |        3042      0.03%      0.23% |     9776703     99.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      9799519                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.984655                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2984654706000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55214706260501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 117770                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   176555                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              472341698                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2756120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6318.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   744168529                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1115621342                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    772061568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         772061568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    772064448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      772064448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12063462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total           12063462                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12063507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total          12063507                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    258677014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            258677014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    258677979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           258677979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    517354993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           517354993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                   12063462                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                  12063507                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                 12063462                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                12063507                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             753972160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               18089408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              770931520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              772061568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           772064448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                282647                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                17694                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0          1326933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           657246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           717279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           522548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           518923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           522164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           420294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           413749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           545272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           522469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          534923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          531519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          681202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          777692                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14         1025518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15         2063084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0          1360969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           671855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           744230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           526598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           524655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           527842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           422753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           417010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           568382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           535189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          545112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          544485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          690292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          790932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14         1048350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15         2127151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2984654656500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6             12063462                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6            12063507                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0               11748275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  32390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 20015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 21589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                740489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                751169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                751704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                751373                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                751070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                751667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                752336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                751452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                751206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                750642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                750292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                750156                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                750147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                750082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                750064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                750066                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples     15171121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.513563                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.105660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   112.650302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127     11957133     78.82%     78.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2238247     14.75%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       528409      3.48%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       182499      1.20%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        79468      0.52%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        41155      0.27%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        35364      0.23%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21055      0.14%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        87791      0.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total     15171121                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       750064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.706408                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.753972                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            247      0.03%      0.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           2775      0.37%      0.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          5718      0.76%      1.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       177513     23.67%     24.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       559287     74.57%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1821      0.24%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          683      0.09%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          873      0.12%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          615      0.08%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          190      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           98      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           28      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            6      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            5      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           19      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            4      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            4      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           12      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79          115      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           42      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::104-107            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       750064                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       750064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.059703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.056142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.352559                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          728337     97.10%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             930      0.12%     97.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           18721      2.50%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1940      0.26%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             107      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              19      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               6      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       750064                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                290691000398                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           511581281648                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               58904075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24674.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43424.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      252.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      258.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   258.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   258.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 2918688                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                5736809                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                24.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               47.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    123706.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   36.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             51280682040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             27980530875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            39840262800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           33725354400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        195264154800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1428543308385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        540633762000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2317268055300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           775.117542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 890454606255                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99664240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1994538963745                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             63560170800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             34680648750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            52207100400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           44461146240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        195264154800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        1445316174270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        525920721750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2361410117010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           789.882897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 865946056755                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99664240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2019044983745                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    765036288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         765036288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    765040320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      765040320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11953692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total           11953692                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11953755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total          11953755                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    256323214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            256323214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    256324565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           256324565                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    512647780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           512647780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                   11953692                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                  11953755                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                 11953692                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                11953755                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             748572736                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               16463552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              764161664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              765036288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           765040320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                257243                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                13733                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0          1326126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           621272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           702503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           519284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           514142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           519499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           409893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           414244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           546058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           518355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          538722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          527316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          680309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          786065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14         1029180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15         2043481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0          1356662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           628427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           731378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           523413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           518192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           525262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           412315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           417380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           570560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           530545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          547318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          536446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          688038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          799401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14         1050936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15         2103753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2984654776500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6             11953692                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6            11953755                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0               11665184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  31111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                734829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                744699                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                745331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                744921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                744730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                745297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                745768                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                744869                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                744623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                744180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                743896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                743819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                743777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                743737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                743722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                743717                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples     15052880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   100.494708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    81.044389                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   113.034252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127     11880097     78.92%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255      2204950     14.65%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       524605      3.49%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       178669      1.19%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        78471      0.52%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        41299      0.27%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        34770      0.23%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        21370      0.14%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        88649      0.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total     15052880                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       743716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.727042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     1.716039                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            793      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           2346      0.32%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11          4101      0.55%      0.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15       169582     22.80%     23.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       562736     75.67%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1504      0.20%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          837      0.11%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          773      0.10%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          518      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          196      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           65      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           40      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           20      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            4      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            7      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63            9      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           27      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::68-71           21      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75           12      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::76-79           68      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83           52      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::84-87            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::108-111            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::112-115            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       743716                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       743716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.054550                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.051321                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.335504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          723897     97.34%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             851      0.11%     97.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           17297      2.33%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1582      0.21%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              74      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               9      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       743716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                289058589625                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           508367008375                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               58482245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    24713.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               43463.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      250.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      256.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   256.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   256.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   2.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 2882974                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                5700623                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                24.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    124842.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   36.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             50610185640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             27614684625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            39275839200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           33186179520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        195264154800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1424302696485                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        544353597000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2314607337270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           774.227541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 896605284501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  99664240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1988387171999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             63331707600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             34555991250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            52110169800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           44310732480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        195264154800                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        1443090274965                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        527873277000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2360536307895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           789.590606                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 869203983501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  99664240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 2015787116999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5970791954                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    4527689                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      9231943                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              9060790                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 22714                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     242421                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       642630                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     9060790                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        22714                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           18449130                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           7349716                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               36268                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              17648                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             4936116                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            2726712                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      2229753                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    1343078                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    886675                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              5935498232.604341                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              35293721.395659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005911                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994089                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           975524                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               108030      1.17%      1.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  6834713     74.03%     75.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   11610      0.13%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    31114      0.34%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  16874      0.18%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 1343078     14.55%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 886675      9.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   9232110                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5969309412                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   15216493                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     27675192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             27367624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7791                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     577535                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2000242                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    27367624                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         7791                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           54759065                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          22586595                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               12816                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               6179                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            16089096                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           10955960                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      5959658                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3734730                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2224928                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              5870435455.000033                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              98873956.999967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.016564                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.983436                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          2739693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               115750      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 21517682     77.75%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   46789      0.17%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    29755      0.11%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5850      0.02%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 3734730     13.49%     91.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2224928      8.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  27675500                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5967801678                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3642764                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7455487                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7309198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 14967                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     181676                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       553549                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7309198                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        14967                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           14737821                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5981960                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               24501                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              11883                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4111365                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2328262                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1724441                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1053374                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    671067                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5937896675.343118                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              29905002.656882                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005011                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994989                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           811434                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               100359      1.35%      1.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5575504     74.78%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   10709      0.14%     76.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    33369      0.45%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  11312      0.15%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1053374     14.13%     91.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 671067      9.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7455710                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5971668427                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  719437831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1068784989                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses            468234397                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             708843220                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     991524                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     11160418                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                   468234397                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    708843220                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads          980584330                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         347243510                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads          1593844824                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          654316010                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           113903668                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          203118049                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    130378903                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                   76041511                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  54337392                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              85688949.096398                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              5885979477.903602                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.985651                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.014349                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                         12490221                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               336318      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                434668075     40.67%     40.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92919      0.01%     40.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     4765      0.00%     40.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              503320700     47.09%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                76041511      7.11%     94.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               54337392      5.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1068801728                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 3071                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                3071                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4693                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4693                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               278                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              278                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          496                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4094                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   16084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          900                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1321                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5595                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5215                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4878                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          585                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    21671                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                82000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              1499478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             4351000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1911993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1920993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2135494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2292966                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              356498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3921000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3317000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2602500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2698000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               97735308                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002868                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.150554                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    97694403     99.96%     99.96% |        3647      0.00%     99.96% |        4105      0.00%     99.97% |       11161      0.01%     99.98% |       19943      0.02%    100.00% |         424      0.00%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |         306      0.00%    100.00% |         443      0.00%    100.00% |         617      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 97735308                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2490098869                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000683                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2490097709    100.00%    100.00% |        1160      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2490098869                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2490098869                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.817896                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.100693                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        22.481885                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2468826720     99.15%     99.15% |    17861394      0.72%     99.86% |     2577830      0.10%     99.97% |      337710      0.01%     99.98% |      362564      0.01%     99.99% |      107216      0.00%    100.00% |        8976      0.00%    100.00% |       14669      0.00%    100.00% |        1770      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2490098869                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2441231170                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2441231170    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2441231170                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     48867699                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   144.588496                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.781103                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    74.443796                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    27595550     56.47%     56.47% |    17861394     36.55%     93.02% |     2577830      5.28%     98.30% |      337710      0.69%     98.99% |      362564      0.74%     99.73% |      107216      0.22%     99.95% |        8976      0.02%     99.97% |       14669      0.03%    100.00% |        1770      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     48867699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1096587                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     47771112                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      8035440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       269014                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      8304454                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits     25516122                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses       409556                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     25925678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6301409                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       246787                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6548196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits   1194537784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses     23686655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   1218224439                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.022534                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       269014                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2        70312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       467749                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       269047                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      2152112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      5062464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     33677928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2152376                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.034305                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2       409556                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2       224525                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       594588                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       409557                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3276448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2     16165800                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     42810336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3276456                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.020676                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       246787                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        62777                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       430906                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       246897                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2      1974296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      4519944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     31025232                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1975176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     1.984030                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2     23686655                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2     23659522                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23713627                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23686495                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2    189493240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2   1703485584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1707381144                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    189491960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     1.012887                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2     12353607                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2     12063445                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4     12063462                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12353592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     98828856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    868568040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    868569264                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     98828736                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     1.003815                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2     12258405                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2     11953691                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11953692                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12258404                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     98067240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    860665752                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    860665824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     98067232                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000001                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.509781                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2     24612012                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2     24017136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4     24612012                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     24611996                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2    196896096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2   1729233792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1772064864                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    196895968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        73836036                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           72051408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     73836042                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     73836762                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        590688288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          5187701376                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5316195024                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    590694096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022533                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       269014                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       269047                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19369008                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2152376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.022536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       269014                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        70312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       198735                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2152112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5062464                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14308920                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.034305                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       409556                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       409557                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29488032                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3276456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034305                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       409556                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       224525                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       185032                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3276448                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     16165800                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13322304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.020672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       246787                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       246897                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17768664                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1975176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.020680                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       246787                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        62777                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       184119                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1974296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      4519944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13256568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     1.984035                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23686655                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23686495                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1705439160                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    189491960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     1.984024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2     23686655                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2     23659522                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26972                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2    189493240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2   1703485584                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1941984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     1.012887                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2     12353607                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2     12063445                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     98828856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    868568040                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     1.012888                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4     12063462                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12353592                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    868569264                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     98828736                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     1.003815                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2     12258405                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2     11953691                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     98067240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    860665752                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     1.003815                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4     11953692                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     12258404                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    860665824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     98067232                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000001                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000001                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022533                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       269014                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       269047                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19369008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2152376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.034305                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       409556                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       409557                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     29488032                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3276456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.020672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       246787                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       246897                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17768664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1975176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     1.984035                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4     23686655                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3     23686495                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4   1705439160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3    189491960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     1.012887                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2     12353607                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2     12063445                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     98828856                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    868568040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     1.003815                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2     12258405                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2     11953691                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     98067240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    860665752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000001                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      48867699                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000185                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.036145                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    48866285    100.00%    100.00% |         154      0.00%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |         417      0.00%    100.00% |         664      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        48867699                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      48867609                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.005551                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.209791                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    48828118     99.92%     99.92% |        3493      0.01%     99.93% |        3960      0.01%     99.93% |       10744      0.02%     99.96% |       19279      0.04%    100.00% |         390      0.00%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |         306      0.00%    100.00% |         443      0.00%    100.00% |         617      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        48867609                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    182249178                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean      22.309231                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.080638                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     58.590446                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   171703238     94.21%     94.21% |     8582101      4.71%     98.92% |     1447074      0.79%     99.72% |      225990      0.12%     99.84% |      215368      0.12%     99.96% |       60914      0.03%     99.99% |        4777      0.00%     99.99% |        8545      0.00%    100.00% |        1159      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     182249178                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    154869716                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   154869716    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    154869716                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     27379462                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   142.843173                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.234746                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.851884                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    16833522     61.48%     61.48% |     8582101     31.35%     92.83% |     1447074      5.29%     98.11% |      225990      0.83%     98.94% |      215368      0.79%     99.72% |       60914      0.22%     99.95% |        4777      0.02%     99.96% |        8545      0.03%    100.00% |        1159      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     27379462                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    113109521                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean      26.795313                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      2.316559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     64.033348                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   102718921     90.81%     90.81% |     9023332      7.98%     98.79% |     1071904      0.95%     99.74% |      103491      0.09%     99.83% |      138161      0.12%     99.95% |       43370      0.04%     99.99% |        3966      0.00%     99.99% |        5803      0.01%    100.00% |         565      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     113109521                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     94011541                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    94011541    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     94011541                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19097980                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   153.775086                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   144.816638                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.891872                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     8707380     45.59%     45.59% |     9023332     47.25%     92.84% |     1071904      5.61%     98.45% |      103491      0.54%     99.00% |      138161      0.72%     99.72% |       43370      0.23%     99.95% |        3966      0.02%     99.97% |        5803      0.03%    100.00% |         565      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19097980                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2142042922                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.072423                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003630                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.160995                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2141787087     99.99%     99.99% |      205400      0.01%    100.00% |       36279      0.00%    100.00% |        5790      0.00%    100.00% |        5953      0.00%    100.00% |        2008      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |         235      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2142042922                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2140228824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2140228824    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2140228824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1814098                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    86.514883                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    72.093514                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.019280                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1558263     85.90%     85.90% |      205400     11.32%     97.22% |       36279      2.00%     99.22% |        5790      0.32%     99.54% |        5953      0.33%     99.87% |        2008      0.11%     99.98% |         140      0.01%     99.99% |         235      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1814098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     51553236                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.057865                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.047196                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.762008                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    51487112     99.87%     99.87% |       39999      0.08%     99.95% |       20307      0.04%     99.99% |        2042      0.00%     99.99% |        2748      0.01%    100.00% |         852      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     51553236                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     51021177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    51021177    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     51021177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       532059                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.500576                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.213062                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.369342                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      465935     87.57%     87.57% |       39999      7.52%     95.09% |       20307      3.82%     98.91% |        2042      0.38%     99.29% |        2748      0.52%     99.81% |         852      0.16%     99.97% |          80      0.02%     99.98% |          82      0.02%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       532059                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       572006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    11.288999                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.445721                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    41.733687                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      558356     97.61%     97.61% |       10562      1.85%     99.46% |        2266      0.40%     99.86% |         397      0.07%     99.93% |         334      0.06%     99.98% |          72      0.01%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       572006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       527906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      527906    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       527906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        44100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.455079                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   119.234568                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.447202                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       30450     69.05%     69.05% |       10562     23.95%     93.00% |        2266      5.14%     98.14% |         397      0.90%     99.04% |         334      0.76%     99.79% |          72      0.16%     99.96% |          13      0.03%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        44100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       572006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      572006    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       572006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       572006                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      572006    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       572006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1096587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.130085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.094208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.859639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1096568    100.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1096587                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     47771112                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   146.848611                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   136.045404                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.765696                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    26498970     55.47%     55.47% |    17861387     37.39%     92.86% |     2577830      5.40%     98.26% |      337710      0.71%     98.96% |      362564      0.76%     99.72% |      107216      0.22%     99.95% |        8976      0.02%     99.97% |       14669      0.03%    100.00% |        1770      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     47771112                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       182684                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.358023                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.318102                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.985505                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      182679    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       182684                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     27196778                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.491275                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.156027                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.691324                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    16650842     61.22%     61.22% |     8582097     31.56%     92.78% |     1447074      5.32%     98.10% |      225990      0.83%     98.93% |      215368      0.79%     99.72% |       60914      0.22%     99.95% |        4777      0.02%     99.96% |        8545      0.03%    100.00% |        1159      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     27196778                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2822                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.750177                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.706368                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.038523                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1608     56.98%     56.98% |        1213     42.98%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2822                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19095158                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   153.790903                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   144.840858                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.884920                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     8704558     45.59%     45.59% |     9023332     47.25%     92.84% |     1071904      5.61%     98.45% |      103491      0.54%     99.00% |      138161      0.72%     99.72% |       43370      0.23%     99.95% |        3966      0.02%     99.97% |        5803      0.03%    100.00% |         565      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     19095158                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       904825                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.081143                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.046272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.828337                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      666857     73.70%     73.70% |      237954     26.30%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       904825                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       909273                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   126.750828                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.627767                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.578103                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      653441     71.86%     71.86% |      205397     22.59%     94.45% |       36279      3.99%     98.44% |        5790      0.64%     99.08% |        5953      0.65%     99.73% |        2008      0.22%     99.96% |         140      0.02%     99.97% |         235      0.03%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       909273                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2022                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.203264                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.191165                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.112535                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1950     96.44%     96.44% |          67      3.31%     99.75% |           5      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2022                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       530037                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.722970                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.432073                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.420547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      463913     87.52%     87.52% |       39999      7.55%     95.07% |       20307      3.83%     98.90% |        2042      0.39%     99.29% |        2748      0.52%     99.81% |         852      0.16%     99.97% |          80      0.02%     99.98% |          82      0.02%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       530037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4234                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.783892                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.741526                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.999484                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2362     55.79%     55.79% |        1871     44.19%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4234                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39866                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.766267                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.703101                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.838130                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       26216     65.76%     65.76% |       10562     26.49%     92.25% |        2266      5.68%     97.94% |         397      1.00%     98.93% |         334      0.84%     99.77% |          72      0.18%     99.95% |          13      0.03%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        39866                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |    12353669     50.19%     50.19% |    12258455     49.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total     24612124                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |    12063443     50.23%     50.23% |    11953691     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total     24017134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |    12063462     50.23%     50.23% |    11953692     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total     24017154                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |    12063507     50.23%     50.23% |    11953755     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total     24017262                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |    12063462     50.23%     50.23% |    11953692     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total     24017154                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      290145     48.78%     48.78% |      304713     51.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       594858                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |    12063441     50.23%     50.23% |    11953691     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total     24017132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          60     55.05%     55.05% |          49     44.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          109                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |    12063462     50.23%     50.23% |    11953692     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total     24017154                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |    12063441     50.23%     50.23% |    11953691     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total     24017132                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     1259477      1.36%      1.36% |     3379291      3.64%      4.99% |      996531      1.07%      6.07% |    87261593     93.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     92896892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     6069970      0.56%      0.56% |    19960325      1.85%      2.41% |     4818407      0.45%      2.85% |  1050940509     97.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   1081789211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      975007      1.16%      1.16% |     2586062      3.07%      4.22% |      733258      0.87%      5.09% |    80022337     94.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     84316664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      269014      1.09%      1.09% |      409556      1.66%      2.76% |      246787      1.00%      3.76% |    23686655     96.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total     24612012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      198735     33.41%     33.41% |      185032     31.11%     64.51% |      184119     30.95%     95.47% |       26972      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       594858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       96155      0.40%      0.40% |      243480      1.01%      1.41% |       81011      0.34%      1.75% |    23665351     98.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total     24085997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       70312      0.29%      0.29% |      224524      0.93%      1.23% |       62777      0.26%      1.49% |    23659521     98.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total     24017134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       61175      0.44%      0.44% |      163482      1.19%      1.63% |       59566      0.43%      2.07% |    13477880     97.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     13762103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      191551     19.64%     19.64% |      187394     19.21%     38.85% |      177030     18.15%     57.01% |      419314     42.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       975289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       16288      0.16%      0.16% |       58680      0.59%      0.76% |       10191      0.10%      0.86% |     9789461     99.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      9874620                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       25843     37.53%     37.53% |       18955     27.53%     65.05% |       18235     26.48%     91.53% |        5830      8.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        68863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1198302      1.51%      1.51% |     3215809      4.06%      5.58% |      936965      1.18%      6.76% |    73783713     93.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     79134789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     5878419      0.54%      0.54% |    19772931      1.83%      2.37% |     4641377      0.43%      2.80% |  1050521195     97.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total   1080813922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      958719      1.29%      1.29% |     2527382      3.40%      4.68% |      723067      0.97%      5.65% |    70232876     94.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     74442044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      198735     33.41%     33.41% |      185031     31.11%     64.51% |      184119     30.95%     95.47% |       26971      4.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       594856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       70312      0.29%      0.29% |      224525      0.93%      1.23% |       62776      0.26%      1.49% |    23659521     98.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total     24017134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       70312      0.29%      0.29% |      224524      0.93%      1.23% |       62777      0.26%      1.49% |    23659521     98.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total     24017134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      252726      1.71%      1.71% |      350876      2.38%      4.10% |      236596      1.61%      5.70% |    13897194     94.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total     14737392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       16288      0.16%      0.16% |       58680      0.59%      0.76% |       10191      0.10%      0.86% |     9789461     99.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      9874620                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
