
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.552844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1552843522500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53745933416501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 137525                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   184205                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              393666813                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2286100                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3944.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   542475059                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     726609967                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    297091648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         297091648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    297087808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      297087808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4642057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            4642057                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4641997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           4641997                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    191321047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            191321047                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    191318574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           191318574                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    382639620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           382639620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    4642057                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   4641997                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  4642057                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 4641997                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             277843776                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               19247872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              296015232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              297091648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           297087808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                300748                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                16751                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           256297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           298998                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           362712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           355106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           314731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           251959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           225845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           279582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           207093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           272322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          325422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          245256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          206620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          211929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          218368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          309069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           274859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           318773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           384672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           370863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           333473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           266153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           243496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           295183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           222722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           288820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          346582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          264885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          225468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          226097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          235433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          327759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1552843599500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              4642057                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             4641997                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                4332568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   8741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 17829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 19229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                281317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                287245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                287102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                287361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                287753                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                287996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                287423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                287294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                287243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                286852                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                286748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                286973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                286636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                286647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                286630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                286543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      4019118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   142.782451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.579824                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.445839                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2707675     67.37%     67.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       763203     18.99%     86.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       208322      5.18%     91.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       105488      2.62%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        58591      1.46%     95.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        38173      0.95%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        31265      0.78%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26536      0.66%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        79865      1.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      4019118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       286541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.150715                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.956821                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.273117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            325      0.11%      0.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           3116      1.09%      1.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         10264      3.58%      4.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        89271     31.15%     35.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       181478     63.33%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1006      0.35%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          345      0.12%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          288      0.10%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          201      0.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           48      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           43      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           39      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           37      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           39      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            9      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           13      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           14      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       286541                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       286541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.141627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.133297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.539436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          267275     93.28%     93.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             749      0.26%     93.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           15855      5.53%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2544      0.89%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             101      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              15      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       286541                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 91769429663                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           173168973413                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               21706545000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    21138.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               39888.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      178.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      190.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   191.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   191.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 2174584                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                2772848                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                50.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    167259.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             16109384760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              8789842875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            18436719600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           16238484720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        102021204480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        607475770335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        404317097250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1173388504020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           751.216580                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 666795805250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  51852840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 834198606750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             14460412680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              7890106125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            15690168000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           13953228480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        102021204480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        584444807190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        424519696500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1162979623455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           744.552697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 699801525751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  51852840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 801188462999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    295512640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         295512640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    295508672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      295508672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4617385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            4617385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4617323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           4617323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    190304197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            190304197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    190301642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           190301642                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    380605839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           380605839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    4617385                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   4617323                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  4617385                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 4617323                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             275750272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               19762368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              294296320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              295512640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           295508672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                308787                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                18944                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           260887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           298478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           357568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           349078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           312814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           249168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           221307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           280637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           207307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           271845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          325766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          238054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          209815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          210058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          216340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          299476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           280436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           317269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           378684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           364449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           328755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           264806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           241494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           296252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           225590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           290688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          347309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          258618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          227639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          223884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          235148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          317359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1552843750000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              4617385                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             4617323                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                4300049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   8548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 17679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                279362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                285505                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                285513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                285545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                285705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                286439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                286272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                285757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                285615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                285170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                285088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                285325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                285008                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                284988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                284983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                284898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      4044789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.933548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    96.307033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.648270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2773330     68.57%     68.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       730130     18.05%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       204569      5.06%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       102732      2.54%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        58226      1.44%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        38608      0.95%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        31618      0.78%     97.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26493      0.65%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        79083      1.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      4044789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       284898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.123307                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.919856                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.265766                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            517      0.18%      0.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           3108      1.09%      1.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         10175      3.57%      4.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        90567     31.79%     36.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       178439     62.63%     99.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1014      0.36%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          440      0.15%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          245      0.09%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          154      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           54      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           45      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           44      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           52      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           15      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            7      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           12      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            8      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       284898                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       284898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.140443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.132202                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.536500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          265885     93.33%     93.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             623      0.22%     93.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           15934      5.59%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2333      0.82%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             103      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              14      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       284898                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 93027891407                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           173814103907                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               21542990000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    21591.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               40341.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      177.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      189.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   190.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   190.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 2120618                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                2741571                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                49.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               59.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    168152.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   54.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             16173334800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              8824736250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            18316802400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           16138064160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        102021204480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        608867931780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        403095903000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1173437976870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           751.248253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 664680504500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  51852840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 836309809750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             14585538240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              7958379000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            15553184400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           13877237520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        102021204480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        582444088380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        426274713000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1162714345020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           744.382863                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 702597924500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  51852840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 798392638500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3108020864                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1363861                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2961050                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2896630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      88726                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       193353                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2896630                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5900466                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2396069                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1601417                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             876759                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       701405                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     432765                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    268640                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3096315827.665125                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              11705036.334874                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003766                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996234                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           309254                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                49361      1.67%      1.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2188565     73.91%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5185      0.18%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    16526      0.56%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  432765     14.62%     90.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 268640      9.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2961072                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3108936677                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  534004108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709491977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            509111092                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101069                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     442431                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31485364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   509111092                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101069                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070743748                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         340092910                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014583                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220424392                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241447412                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152922186                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94814277                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58107909                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              14089822.457148                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              3094846854.542852                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.995468                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.004532                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33909258                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               956939      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444299563     62.62%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   26644      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145217      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94814277     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58107909      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709500279                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3107859430                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1143723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2466877                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2408369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      66964                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       176998                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2408369                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            4890682                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1999873                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1401280                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             728507                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       581880                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     363869                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    218011                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3094730109.642007                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              13129320.357993                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.004225                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.995775                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           265922                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                46295      1.88%      1.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1817394     73.67%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4742      0.19%     75.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    16569      0.67%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  363869     14.75%     91.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 218011      8.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2466880                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3102355478                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3149228                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      6295577                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6183416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     161778                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       527052                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6183416                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           12331397                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5033446                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3941796                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2133653                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1427213                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     921269                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    505944                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3079228247.942644                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              23127230.057356                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.007455                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.992545                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           720244                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                48076      0.76%      0.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4797329     76.20%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    5670      0.09%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    16004      0.25%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  921269     14.63%     91.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 505944      8.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   6295668                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1820                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1820                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2650                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          792                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          804                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          802                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5078                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2519                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1605                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1604                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     7372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1166000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              827999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1074665                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              907500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              952498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              613500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              603000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              603000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               19086457                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002160                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.133236                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    19080494     99.97%     99.97% |         590      0.00%     99.97% |         647      0.00%     99.98% |        1500      0.01%     99.98% |        2883      0.02%    100.00% |          39      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 19086457                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    938273340                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000513                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   938273093    100.00%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    938273340                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      938273340                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.345547                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.049646                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        15.896927                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   937623078     99.93%     99.93% |      533343      0.06%     99.99% |      110946      0.01%    100.00% |        3874      0.00%    100.00% |        2040      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        938273340                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    928730051                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   928730051    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    928730051                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9543289                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.290941                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.185495                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    86.736269                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     8893027     93.19%     93.19% |      533343      5.59%     98.77% |      110946      1.16%     99.94% |        3874      0.04%     99.98% |        2040      0.02%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9543289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       283847                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      9259442                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      2398101                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       109338                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      2507439                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    918938279                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      9179013                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    928117292                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      1995089                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       104582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      2099671                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5398582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       150356                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5548938                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.017584                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       109338                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2        18560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       199880                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       109102                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2       874704                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      1336320                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14391360                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       872816                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     1.477739                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2      9179013                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2      9161872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9195707                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9178566                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2     73432104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2    659654784                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    662090904                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73428528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.016841                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       104582                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        14722                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       194492                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       104632                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2       836656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      1059984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     14003424                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       837056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.024248                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       150356                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2        64167                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       237057                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       150868                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      1202848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2      4620024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17068104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1206944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.749510                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      4776651                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      4641997                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4642057                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4776591                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     38213208                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    334223784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    334228104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     38212728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.745774                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      4766638                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      4617324                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4617385                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4766577                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     38133104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    332447328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    332451720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     38132616                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.378962                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2      9543289                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2      9259321                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9543289                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9543168                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2     76346312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2    666671112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    687116808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     76345344                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        28629867                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           27777963                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     28629867                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     28629504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        229038936                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          2000013336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2061350424                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    229036032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017599                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       109338                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       109102                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7872336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       872816                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017569                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       109338                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        18560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        90542                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       874704                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1336320                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6519024                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     1.477768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9179013                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9178566                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    660888936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73428528                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     1.477710                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      9179013                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      9161872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16694                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     73432104                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    659654784                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1201968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016838                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       104582                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       104632                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7529904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       837056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016844                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       104582                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        14722                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        89910                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2       836656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      1059984                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6473520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024215                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       150356                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       150868                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10825632                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1206944                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024281                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       150356                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        64167                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        86701                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1202848                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      4620024                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6242472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.749506                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4776651                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      4641997                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     38213208                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    334223784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.749514                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4642057                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4776591                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    334228104                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     38212728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.745770                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4766638                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      4617324                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     38133104                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    332447328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.745778                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4617385                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4766577                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    332451720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     38132616                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017599                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       109338                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       109102                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7872336                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       872816                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     1.477768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9179013                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9178566                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    660888936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     73428528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.016838                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       104582                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       104632                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7529904                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       837056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.024215                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       150356                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       150868                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10825632                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1206944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.749506                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      4776651                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      4641997                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     38213208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    334223784                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.745770                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      4766638                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      4617324                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     38133104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    332447328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       9543289                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000217                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.039888                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     9542990    100.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         9543289                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       9543168                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.004104                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.184134                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     9537504     99.94%     99.94% |         575      0.01%     99.95% |         626      0.01%     99.95% |        1418      0.01%     99.97% |        2709      0.03%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          89      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         9543168                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    109136501                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.811070                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.282112                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     35.605052                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108723053     99.62%     99.62% |      333390      0.31%     99.93% |       76391      0.07%    100.00% |        2115      0.00%    100.00% |        1503      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     109136501                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    103428529                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   103428529    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    103428529                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5707972                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.227753                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.756994                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.368922                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5294524     92.76%     92.76% |      333390      5.84%     98.60% |       76391      1.34%     99.94% |        2115      0.04%     99.97% |        1503      0.03%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5707972                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58953580                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       8.946330                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.310979                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     37.729895                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58735441     99.63%     99.63% |      184766      0.31%     99.94% |       31248      0.05%    100.00% |        1631      0.00%    100.00% |         485      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58953580                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55665737                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55665737    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55665737                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3287843                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.483880                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.404502                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.723502                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3069704     93.37%     93.37% |      184766      5.62%     98.98% |       31248      0.95%     99.94% |        1631      0.05%     99.98% |         485      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3287843                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    769672851                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.061152                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.030477                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   769655956    100.00%    100.00% |       13732      0.00%    100.00% |        3000      0.00%    100.00% |         114      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    769672851                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    769152333                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   769152333    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    769152333                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       520518                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    91.424137                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    75.207103                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.544460                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      503623     96.75%     96.75% |       13732      2.64%     99.39% |        3000      0.58%     99.97% |         114      0.02%     99.99% |          48      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       520518                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       236488                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.564325                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.314359                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.660178                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      232278     98.22%     98.22% |        3305      1.40%     99.62% |         562      0.24%     99.85% |         196      0.08%     99.94% |         110      0.05%     99.98% |          27      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       236488                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       222841                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      222841    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       222841                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13647                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.081703                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.074090                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.256163                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        9437     69.15%     69.15% |        3305     24.22%     93.37% |         562      4.12%     97.49% |         196      1.44%     98.92% |         110      0.81%     99.73% |          27      0.20%     99.93% |           4      0.03%     99.96% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13647                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       136960                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.386551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.596057                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.457769                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      131917     96.32%     96.32% |        4168      3.04%     99.36% |         483      0.35%     99.71% |         214      0.16%     99.87% |         139      0.10%     99.97% |          31      0.02%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       136960                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       123651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      123651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       123651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13309                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.758058                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.892798                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.854198                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        8266     62.11%     62.11% |        4168     31.32%     93.43% |         483      3.63%     97.05% |         214      1.61%     98.66% |         139      1.04%     99.71% |          31      0.23%     99.94% |           2      0.02%     99.95% |           5      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13309                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       136960                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      136960    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       136960                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       136960                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      136960    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       136960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       283847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.069168                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.035505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.791029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      208867     73.58%     73.58% |       74970     26.41%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       283847                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9259442                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.964713                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.590479                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    86.679547                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     8609180     92.98%     92.98% |      533343      5.76%     98.74% |      110946      1.20%     99.94% |        3874      0.04%     99.98% |        2040      0.02%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9259442                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        48183                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.145674                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.108721                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.901395                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       34618     71.85%     71.85% |       13555     28.13%     99.98% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        48183                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5659789                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.952075                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.667668                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.409532                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5246341     92.69%     92.69% |      333390      5.89%     98.59% |       76391      1.35%     99.94% |        2115      0.04%     99.97% |        1503      0.03%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5659789                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1060                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.311321                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.268943                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.996045                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         451     42.55%     42.55% |         609     57.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1060                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3286783                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.514896                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.445892                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.717636                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3068644     93.36%     93.36% |      184766      5.62%     98.98% |       31248      0.95%     99.94% |        1631      0.05%     99.98% |         485      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3286783                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       232795                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.053876                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.020896                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.767319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      172106     73.93%     73.93% |       60688     26.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       232795                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       287723                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.132951                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.902995                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.276716                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      270828     94.13%     94.13% |       13732      4.77%     98.90% |        3000      1.04%     99.94% |         114      0.04%     99.98% |          48      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       287723                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          514                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.116732                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.111455                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.716005                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         502     97.67%     97.67% |          12      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          514                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13133                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.485342                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.292100                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.079376                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        8923     67.94%     67.94% |        3305     25.17%     93.11% |         562      4.28%     97.39% |         196      1.49%     98.88% |         110      0.84%     99.72% |          27      0.21%     99.92% |           4      0.03%     99.95% |           3      0.02%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13133                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1295                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.332819                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.319935                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.108334                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1190     91.89%     91.89% |         105      8.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1295                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12014                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   148.828450                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   136.843906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.140512                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        6971     58.02%     58.02% |        4168     34.69%     92.72% |         483      4.02%     96.74% |         214      1.78%     98.52% |         139      1.16%     99.68% |          31      0.26%     99.93% |           2      0.02%     99.95% |           5      0.04%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12014                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     4776672     50.05%     50.05% |     4766656     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      9543328                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     4641997     50.13%     50.13% |     4617323     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      9259320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     4642057     50.13%     50.13% |     4617385     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      9259442                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     4641997     50.13%     50.13% |     4617323     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      9259320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     4642057     50.13%     50.13% |     4617385     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      9259442                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      134594     47.42%     47.42% |      149253     52.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       283847                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     4641997     50.13%     50.13% |     4617323     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      9259320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          21     55.26%     55.26% |          17     44.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total           38                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     4642057     50.13%     50.13% |     4617385     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      9259442                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     4641997     50.13%     50.13% |     4617323     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      9259320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      397447      0.36%      0.36% |   107557552     98.55%     98.92% |      337978      0.31%     99.23% |      843524      0.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    109136501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1806889      0.23%      0.23% |   762228190     99.03%     99.27% |     1518019      0.20%     99.46% |     4119753      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    769672851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      303103      0.51%      0.51% |    58331550     98.10%     98.61% |      243674      0.41%     99.02% |      585661      0.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     59463988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      109338      1.15%      1.15% |     9179013     96.18%     97.33% |      104582      1.10%     98.42% |      150356      1.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      9543289                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |       90542     31.90%     31.90% |       16694      5.88%     37.78% |       89910     31.68%     69.46% |       86701     30.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       283847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       29643      0.32%      0.32% |     9177381     98.65%     98.97% |       23408      0.25%     99.22% |       72207      0.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      9302639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       18559      0.20%      0.20% |     9161872     98.95%     99.15% |       14722      0.16%     99.31% |       64167      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      9259320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       22595      0.40%      0.40% |     5607959     98.25%     98.64% |       22566      0.40%     99.04% |       54852      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5707972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       83140     15.97%     15.97% |      272786     52.41%     68.38% |       80335     15.43%     83.81% |       84257     16.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       520518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        3603      0.11%      0.11% |     3298268     99.50%     99.61% |        1681      0.05%     99.66% |       11247      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3314799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       11083     25.59%     25.59% |       15509     35.80%     61.39% |        8686     20.05%     81.44% |        8040     18.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        43318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      374852      0.36%      0.36% |   101949593     98.57%     98.93% |      315412      0.30%     99.24% |      788672      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    103428529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     1723749      0.22%      0.22% |   761955404     99.06%     99.29% |     1437684      0.19%     99.48% |     4035496      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    769152333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      299500      0.53%      0.53% |    55033282     98.01%     98.55% |      241993      0.43%     98.98% |      574414      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     56149189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |       90541     31.90%     31.90% |       16694      5.88%     37.78% |       89910     31.68%     69.45% |       86701     30.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       283846                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       18560      0.20%      0.20% |     9161872     98.95%     99.15% |       14722      0.16%     99.31% |       64167      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      9259321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       18559      0.20%      0.20% |     9161872     98.95%     99.15% |       14722      0.16%     99.31% |       64167      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      9259320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      105735      1.70%      1.70% |     5880745     94.42%     96.11% |      102901      1.65%     97.77% |      139109      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6228490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        3603      0.11%      0.11% |     3298268     99.50%     99.61% |        1681      0.05%     99.66% |       11247      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      3314799                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.586521                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1586520826000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53779610720001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 137238                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   185410                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              391199380                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2564628                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4055.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   556574044                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     751935039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303772800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         303772800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303777664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      303777664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4746450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            4746450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4746526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           4746526                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    191471045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            191471045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    191474111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           191474111                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    382945155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           382945155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    4746450                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   4746526                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  4746450                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 4746526                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             284184064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               19588736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              302641984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              303772800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           303777664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                306074                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                17737                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           265263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           305021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           368951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           360482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           320856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           257811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           231412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           285168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           213545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           279034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          333869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          251050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          211228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          217985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          223277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          315424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           284509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           325192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           391187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           376480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           339871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           272110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           249261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           300949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           229397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           295804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          355576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          271086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          230213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          232298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          240478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          334370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1586520992500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              4746450                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             4746526                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                4426720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  13495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 18418                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 19861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                287104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                293651                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                293562                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                293831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                294212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                294470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                293880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                293746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                293708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                293292                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                293179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                293396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                293044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                293041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                293017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                292929                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      4120347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   142.421605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.586401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.308315                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2770887     67.25%     67.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       788697     19.14%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       214918      5.22%     91.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511       108298      2.63%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        59882      1.45%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        38841      0.94%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        31804      0.77%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26768      0.65%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        80252      1.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      4120347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       292927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.158647                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.960425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.309612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            345      0.12%      0.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           3195      1.09%      1.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         10656      3.64%      4.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        91463     31.22%     36.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       184777     63.08%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1281      0.44%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          425      0.15%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          312      0.11%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          211      0.07%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           54      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           45      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           41      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           38      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           39      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59           10      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           13      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67           14      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::68-71            4      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::76-79            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::88-91            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       292927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       292926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.143234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.134799                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.542902                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          273031     93.21%     93.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             767      0.26%     93.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           16358      5.58%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            2633      0.90%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             115      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              19      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       292926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 93682159532                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           176939209532                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               22201880000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    21097.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               39847.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      179.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      190.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   191.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   191.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 2225216                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                2823596                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                50.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    167125.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   55.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             16483808880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              8994141750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            18824660400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy           16575989040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        104220726480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        625270959720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        408912624000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1199282910270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           751.590569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 674334613000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  52977340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 859206445250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             14851189080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              8103327375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            16074926400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy           14286598560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        104220726480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        601774849215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        429523261500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1188834878610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           745.042777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 708022821004                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  52977340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 825518396496                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    301970688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         301970688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    301976448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      301976448                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4718292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            4718292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4718382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           4718382                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    190335155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            190335155                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    190338786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           190338786                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    380673941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           380673941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    4718292                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   4718382                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  4718292                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 4718382                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             281943488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               20027200                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              300723456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              301970688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           301976448                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                312925                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                19582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           269679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           304388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           363553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           354661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           318956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           254763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           226522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           286072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           213478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           278414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          334245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          243752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          214265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          215982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          221146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          305491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           289748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           323453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           384844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           370261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           335088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           270532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           246886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           301863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           231965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           297478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          356283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          264640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          232243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          229883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          240084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          323553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1586521030000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              4718292                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             4718382                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                4392117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  13113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18206                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                284977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                291719                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                291774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                291813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                291981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                292718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                292555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                292032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                291871                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                291415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                291337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                291559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                291227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                291197                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                291180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                291096                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   384                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      4140789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   140.714006                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    96.376406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.669633                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2832583     68.41%     68.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       754206     18.21%     86.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       211079      5.10%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511       105642      2.55%     94.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        59568      1.44%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        39284      0.95%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        32181      0.78%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        26742      0.65%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        79504      1.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      4140789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       291095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.133795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    14.925881                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2.303287                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            535      0.18%      0.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           3209      1.10%      1.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         10515      3.61%      4.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        92529     31.79%     36.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-19       181801     62.45%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-23         1292      0.44%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          517      0.18%     99.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          271      0.09%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          167      0.06%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-39           61      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-43           46      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           49      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           55      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::52-55           16      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            8      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::60-63           13      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            8      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::72-75            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::80-83            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::100-103            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       291095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       291095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.141823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.133487                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.539656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16          271501     93.27%     93.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             656      0.23%     93.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           16365      5.62%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            2430      0.83%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             119      0.04%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              16      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       291095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 94881934790                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           177482566040                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               22026835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    21537.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               40287.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      177.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      189.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   190.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   190.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 2171299                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                2792085                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                49.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               59.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    168122.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   54.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             16527157920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              9017794500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            18696342600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy           16465492080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        104220726480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        626620648185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        407728663500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1199276825265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           751.586774                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 672283667250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  52977340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 861259488500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             14957414640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              8161287750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            15928426800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy           14200557120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        104220726480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        599588121735                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        431441406000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1188497940525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           744.831647                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 711091083250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  52977340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 822450137250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3175302742                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2086700                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4356068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4259637                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5442                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     126563                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       288476                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4259637                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         5442                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            8703757                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3487648                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                8902                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               4318                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2273674                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1305771                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1047993                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     646390                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    401603                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3157220574.934183                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              18082167.065817                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005695                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994305                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           455869                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                58092      1.33%      1.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3222846     73.98%     75.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    6044      0.14%     75.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    17109      0.39%     75.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   4136      0.09%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  646390     14.84%     90.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 401603      9.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4356220                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3173489663                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  536180482                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    713575582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            513142864                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331110132                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     523662                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31801192                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   513142864                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331110132                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1078767114                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         343317007                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564029126                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276702897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           222572388                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          242882853                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    153846215                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95355718                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58490497                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              65554418.516723                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              3107935244.483277                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.979343                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.020657                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34352999                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               974091      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                447430545     62.70%     62.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   29258      0.00%     62.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   147569      0.02%     62.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111156404     15.58%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95355718     13.36%     91.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58490497      8.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 713584146                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      3173327366                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4015979                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7860192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7727427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 31895                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     171693                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       600741                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7727427                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        31895                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           15593291                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6211199                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               51393                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              24957                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4235816                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2395276                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1845531                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1097716                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    747815                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              3141595915.026128                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              31731450.973872                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.009999                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.990001                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           858716                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                68787      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5895825     75.01%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    7353      0.09%     75.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    19042      0.24%     76.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  23850      0.30%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1097716     13.97%     90.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 747815      9.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7860404                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      3173041611                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   11476744                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     20748711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             20519910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  4543                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     425767                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1506695                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    20519910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         4543                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           41108671                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16903308                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                7431                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               3560                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            12068546                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            8257498                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4475267                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2792068                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1683199                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3109435110.823923                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              63606500.176078                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.020046                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.979954                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2052635                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                77551      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 16142657     77.80%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   32120      0.15%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    18037      0.09%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   3351      0.02%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2792068     13.46%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1683199      8.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  20748999                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4232                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4232                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3868                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3868                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               350                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              350                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          630                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          978                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1040                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   16900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1276                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2388                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5612                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4238                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          345                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3719                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1213                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4489                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                82000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2021480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             5975500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1208997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1500156                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1328488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1351491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              473998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             5385500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2754000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1885000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             3351000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               38784368                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.003414                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.165256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    38764780     99.95%     99.95% |        2006      0.01%     99.95% |        2483      0.01%     99.96% |        5041      0.01%     99.97% |        8947      0.02%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |         251      0.00%    100.00% |         392      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 38784368                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1900749389                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000797                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1900748181    100.00%    100.00% |        1208      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1900749389                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1900749389                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.345110                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.049754                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        15.879028                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1899434039     99.93%     99.93% |     1079357      0.06%     99.99% |      223934      0.01%    100.00% |        7858      0.00%    100.00% |        4083      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1900749389                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1881357168                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1881357168    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1881357168                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19392221                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.842408                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.655271                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    86.654726                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    18076871     93.22%     93.22% |     1079357      5.57%     98.78% |      223934      1.15%     99.94% |        7858      0.04%     99.98% |        4083      0.02%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19392221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       668037                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     18724184                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits      3645674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       150336                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      3796010                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits    922669434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      9252758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses    931922192                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7050252                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       183412                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      7233664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits     19261757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       262426                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     19524183                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.023688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::2       150336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Data::2        34538                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       266118                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       150320                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::2      1202688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Data::2      2486736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19160496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1202560                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     1.458019                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::2      9252758                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Data::2      9215129                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9290295                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9252667                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::2     74022064                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Data::2    663489288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    668901240                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     74021336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.028914                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::2       183412                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Data::2        66736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       300239                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       183564                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::2      1467296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Data::2      4804992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     21617208                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1468512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.041353                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::2       262426                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Data::2       148384                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       376470                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       262428                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::2      2099408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Data::2     10683648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27105840                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2099424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.750938                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::2      4936936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Data::2      4746464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4746450                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4936952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::2     39495488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Data::2    341745408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    341744400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     39495616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.746552                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::2      4911996                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Data::2      4718323                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4718292                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4912027                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::2     39295968                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Data::2    339719256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    339717024                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     39296216                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.381183                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::2      9848932                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Data::2      9464787                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9848932                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9848979                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::2     78791456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Data::2    681464664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    709123104                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     78791832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        29546796                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           28394361                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     29546802                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     29547711                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        236374368                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          2044393992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2127369744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    236381688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023689                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       150336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       150320                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10824192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1202560                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023687                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       150336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        34538                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       115782                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1202688                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2486736                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8336304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     1.458025                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9252758                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9252667                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    666198576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     74021336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     1.458014                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      9252758                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      9215129                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37537                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     74022064                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    663489288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2702664                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.028904                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       183412                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       183564                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13205664                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1468512                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028923                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       183412                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        66736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       116827                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      1467296                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      4804992                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8411544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.041352                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       262426                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       262428                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18894672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2099424                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.041353                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       262426                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       148384                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       114044                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2099408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     10683648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      8211168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.750938                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4936936                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      4746464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     39495488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    341745408                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.750937                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4746450                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4936952                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    341744400                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     39495616                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.746554                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      4911996                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      4718323                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     39295968                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    339719256                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.746551                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      4718292                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      4912027                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    339717024                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     39296216                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023689                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       150336                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       150320                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10824192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1202560                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     1.458025                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      9252758                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      9252667                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    666198576                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     74021336                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.028904                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       183412                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       183564                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     13205664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      1468512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.041352                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       262426                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       262428                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18894672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2099424                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.750938                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      4936936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      4746464                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     39495488                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    341745408                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.746554                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      4911996                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      4718323                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     39295968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    339719256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000002                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      19392221                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000352                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.048967                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    19391101     99.99%     99.99% |         129      0.00%     99.99% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |         313      0.00%    100.00% |         471      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        19392221                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      19392147                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.006476                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.228478                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    19373679     99.90%     99.90% |        1877      0.01%     99.91% |        2291      0.01%     99.93% |        4728      0.02%     99.95% |        8476      0.04%     99.99% |         207      0.00%    100.00% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |         251      0.00%    100.00% |         392      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        19392147                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    221398698                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       7.778012                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.280739                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     35.504159                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   220564563     99.62%     99.62% |      672915      0.30%     99.93% |      153836      0.07%    100.00% |        4279      0.00%    100.00% |        3007      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     221398698                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209866892                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209866892    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    209866892                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11531806                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.130796                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.645949                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.272727                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    10697671     92.77%     92.77% |      672915      5.84%     98.60% |      153836      1.33%     99.94% |        4279      0.04%     99.97% |        3007      0.03%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11531806                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    120066753                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       8.849681                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.306863                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     37.501735                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119627344     99.63%     99.63% |      372251      0.31%     99.94% |       62888      0.05%    100.00% |        3281      0.00%    100.00% |         971      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     120066753                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113447515                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113447515    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    113447515                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6619238                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.385839                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.322984                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.714301                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     6179829     93.36%     93.36% |      372251      5.62%     98.99% |       62888      0.95%     99.94% |        3281      0.05%     99.99% |         971      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6619238                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1557945699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.067616                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.003265                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.169517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1557907999    100.00%    100.00% |       30817      0.00%    100.00% |        6521      0.00%    100.00% |         263      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1557945699                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1556767086                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1556767086    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1556767086                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1178613                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    90.377369                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    74.398608                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.779077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1140913     96.80%     96.80% |       30817      2.61%     99.42% |        6521      0.55%     99.97% |         263      0.02%     99.99% |          97      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1178613                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       668301                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.660809                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.229116                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.801885                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      659368     98.66%     98.66% |        7043      1.05%     99.72% |        1182      0.18%     99.89% |         395      0.06%     99.95% |         233      0.03%     99.99% |          59      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       668301                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       639092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      639092    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       639092                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29209                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.519121                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.170512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.250047                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       20276     69.42%     69.42% |        7043     24.11%     93.53% |        1182      4.05%     97.58% |         395      1.35%     98.93% |         233      0.80%     99.73% |          59      0.20%     99.93% |           8      0.03%     99.96% |           7      0.02%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        29209                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       334969                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    14.326042                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.608581                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.062223                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      323609     96.61%     96.61% |        9144      2.73%     99.34% |        1299      0.39%     99.73% |         498      0.15%     99.87% |         325      0.10%     99.97% |          72      0.02%     99.99% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       334969                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       301614                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      301614    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       301614                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33355                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   134.827342                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.362040                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.094103                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       21995     65.94%     65.94% |        9144     27.41%     93.36% |        1299      3.89%     97.25% |         498      1.49%     98.74% |         325      0.97%     99.72% |          72      0.22%     99.93% |           8      0.02%     99.96% |          12      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33355                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       334969                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      334969    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       334969                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       334969                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      334969    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       334969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       668037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.044423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.009836                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.855437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      668007    100.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       668037                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18724184                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.939166                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   120.592444                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    86.593546                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    17408835     92.98%     92.98% |     1079356      5.76%     98.74% |      223934      1.20%     99.94% |        7858      0.04%     99.98% |        4083      0.02%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     18724184                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       114936                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.147056                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.108718                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.988999                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      114914     99.98%     99.98% |          18      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       114936                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11416870                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.986345                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.721467                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    90.320126                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    10582735     92.69%     92.69% |      672915      5.89%     98.59% |      153836      1.35%     99.94% |        4279      0.04%     99.97% |        3007      0.03%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     11416870                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3019                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.664790                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.622981                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.988433                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1039     34.42%     34.42% |        1975     65.42%     99.83% |           5      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3019                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6616219                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   143.429517                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   128.381038                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    79.706240                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     6176810     93.36%     93.36% |      372251      5.63%     98.98% |       62888      0.95%     99.94% |        3281      0.05%     99.99% |         971      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6616219                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       544550                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.019679                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.985986                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.823911                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      544542    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       544550                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       634063                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.472921                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.462412                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.864910                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      596364     94.05%     94.05% |       30816      4.86%     98.91% |        6521      1.03%     99.94% |         263      0.04%     99.98% |          97      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       634063                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1641                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.305302                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.288586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.303383                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1547     94.27%     94.27% |          90      5.48%     99.76% |           4      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1641                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27568                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.591519                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.392778                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.038782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       18635     67.60%     67.60% |        7043     25.55%     93.14% |        1182      4.29%     97.43% |         395      1.43%     98.86% |         233      0.85%     99.71% |          59      0.21%     99.92% |           8      0.03%     99.95% |           7      0.03%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        27568                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3891                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.530198                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.510072                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.386234                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3395     87.25%     87.25% |         496     12.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3891                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        29464                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   146.619875                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   134.286073                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.543037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       18104     61.44%     61.44% |        9144     31.03%     92.48% |        1299      4.41%     96.89% |         498      1.69%     98.58% |         325      1.10%     99.68% |          72      0.24%     99.93% |           8      0.03%     99.95% |          12      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        29464                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     4937028     50.13%     50.13% |     4912040     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      9849068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     4746462     50.15%     50.15% |     4718318     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      9464780                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           5     71.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     4746450     50.15%     50.15% |     4718292     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      9464742                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     4746526     50.15%     50.15% |     4718382     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      9464908                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     4746450     50.15%     50.15% |     4718292     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      9464742                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      190486     49.58%     49.58% |      193704     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       384190                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     4746460     50.15%     50.15% |     4718318     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      9464778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           5     71.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          90     67.67%     67.67% |          43     32.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          133                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     4746450     50.15%     50.15% |     4718292     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      9464742                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     4746460     50.15%     50.15% |     4718318     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      9464778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      600682      0.54%      0.54% |   108079595     96.27%     96.81% |     1052866      0.94%     97.75% |     2529054      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    112262197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2748012      0.35%      0.35% |   765102080     97.06%     97.41% |     5379388      0.68%     98.09% |    15043368      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    788272848                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      447316      0.72%      0.72% |    58740517     94.83%     95.56% |      801410      1.29%     96.85% |     1951761      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     61941004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      150336      1.53%      1.53% |     9252758     93.95%     95.47% |      183412      1.86%     97.34% |      262426      2.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      9848932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      115782     30.14%     30.14% |       37537      9.77%     39.91% |      116827     30.41%     70.32% |      114044     29.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       384190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |       48685      0.51%      0.51% |     9234245     96.95%     97.46% |       80492      0.85%     98.31% |      161037      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      9524459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       34535      0.36%      0.36% |     9215129     97.36%     97.73% |       66734      0.71%     98.43% |      148382      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      9464780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     28.57%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       34081      0.59%      0.59% |     5635780     96.77%     97.36% |       48690      0.84%     98.19% |      105283      1.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5823834                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      107723     16.37%     16.37% |      307474     46.72%     63.09% |      121553     18.47%     81.56% |      121345     18.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       658095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        8532      0.25%      0.25% |     3309504     98.29%     98.55% |       13169      0.39%     98.94% |       35798      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3367003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       14147     23.71%     23.71% |       19117     32.04%     55.74% |       13757     23.05%     78.80% |       12653     21.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        59674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     28.57%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      566601      0.53%      0.53% |   102443815     96.25%     96.78% |     1004176      0.94%     97.72% |     2423771      2.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    106438363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |     2640289      0.34%      0.34% |   764794606     97.10%     97.44% |     5257835      0.67%     98.11% |    14922023      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    787614753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      438784      0.75%      0.75% |    55431013     94.63%     95.38% |      788241      1.35%     96.73% |     1915963      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     58574001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      115779     30.14%     30.14% |       37537      9.77%     39.91% |      116825     30.41%     70.32% |      114042     29.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       384183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |       34538      0.36%      0.36% |     9215128     97.36%     97.73% |       66735      0.71%     98.43% |      148384      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      9464785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     28.57%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |       34535      0.36%      0.36% |     9215129     97.36%     97.73% |       66734      0.71%     98.43% |      148382      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      9464780                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      141804      2.19%      2.19% |     5943254     91.69%     93.88% |      170243      2.63%     96.50% |      226628      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6481929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        8532      0.25%      0.25% |     3309504     98.29%     98.55% |       13169      0.39%     98.94% |       35798      1.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      3367003                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
