
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.018405                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4018404595000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55258586359001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 139501                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   237609                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              277271673                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1875200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14492.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2021738256                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3443593959                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    133376256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         133376256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    133417664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      133417664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2084004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2084004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2084651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           2084651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     33191346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             33191346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     33201650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            33201650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     66392996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            66392996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2084004                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   2084651                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2084004                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 2084651                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             106959872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               26416384                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              123199488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              133376256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           133417664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                412756                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts               159661                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           513975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            59719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            67386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           122926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            56353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           123326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           104281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            38579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            70039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            18847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           58889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           41551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           91029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           81865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          180805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           567901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            67176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            77307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           154356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            66676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           136134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           126499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            43081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            89573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            22480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           65363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           47815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           50360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           98240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           96372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          215659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4018404545500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2084004                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             2084651                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1669975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 19033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 19446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                116675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                118000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                118090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                118020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                118065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                118125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                118143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                118174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                118070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                117916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                117864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                117865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                117855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                117853                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                117851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                117851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1439761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   159.859466                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.210998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   155.170271                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       678281     47.11%     47.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       475028     32.99%     80.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       163934     11.39%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        54115      3.76%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        25708      1.79%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        16927      1.18%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12156      0.84%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7071      0.49%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6541      0.45%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1439761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       117851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.181042                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.171237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             63      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           1754      1.49%      1.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         13374     11.35%     12.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        69430     58.91%     71.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        31964     27.12%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          167      0.14%     99.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          105      0.09%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           90      0.08%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          100      0.08%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          455      0.39%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          308      0.26%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           31      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            6      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       117851                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       117851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.334117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.317471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.758210                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           98448     83.54%     83.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             176      0.15%     83.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           18523     15.72%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             666      0.57%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              34      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       117851                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 27314289744                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            58650189744                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                8356240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16343.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35093.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       26.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       30.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    33.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    33.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  875009                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1281471                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                52.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               66.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    963957.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   59.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              6348925800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              3464195625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             8508793800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            8058139200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        262789225920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1105143824835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1444618469250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2838931574430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           705.604263                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2395181121750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134183400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1489040316750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              4616665200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2519013750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             4605400800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4482812160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        262789225920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        657045014355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1837687601250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2773745733435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           689.402602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3052344864500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134183400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 831876271250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    118909568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         118909568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    118953024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      118953024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1857962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1857962                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1858641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1858641                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29591238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             29591238                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     29602053                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            29602053                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     59193291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            59193291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1857962                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1858641                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1857962                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1858641                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              94717120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               24192448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              111324608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              118909568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           118953024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                378007                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts               119198                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           468433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            48081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            47951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           135620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            47601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           118187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            99782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            38248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            39650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            15493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           50069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           23430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           43821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           71872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           65309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          166408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           516569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            51894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            53524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           165201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            59388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           134988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           126689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            43999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            54534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           62667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           27371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           47741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           81181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           77425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          218034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4018405301000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1857962                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1858641                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1479011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 18759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                105210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                106551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                106686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                106483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                106527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                106509                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                106631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                106603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                106623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                106412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                106344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                106346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                106347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                106338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                106338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                106338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1344814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   153.211921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   114.699151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   150.600102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       670007     49.82%     49.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       441343     32.82%     82.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       127565      9.49%     92.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        43865      3.26%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        24884      1.85%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15772      1.17%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10217      0.76%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5983      0.44%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5178      0.39%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1344814                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       106338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.917490                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.076256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             16      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             43      0.04%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            330      0.31%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1660      1.56%      1.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3236      3.04%      4.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11        10548      9.92%     14.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        26504     24.92%     39.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        39597     37.24%     77.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        21452     20.17%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1636      1.54%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          178      0.17%     98.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23           66      0.06%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           63      0.06%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           52      0.05%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           84      0.08%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          105      0.10%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          172      0.16%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35          205      0.19%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37          229      0.22%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39          108      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           30      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            8      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            5      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       106338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       106338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.357718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.340145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.778856                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           87576     82.36%     82.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             180      0.17%     82.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           17947     16.88%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             579      0.54%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              53      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       106338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 25256856739                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            53006012989                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7399775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17065.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35815.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       23.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       27.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    29.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    29.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  720829                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1153758                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               66.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1081203.80                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              6207765480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              3387173625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             7864685400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            7495837200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        262789225920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1060930146915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1483402397250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2832077231790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           703.900645                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2459809423751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134183400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1424411546249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              4038748560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2203682250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3757377000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3842024400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        262789225920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        613456611615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1875923042250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2766010711995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           687.480095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3116247376751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134183400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 767974360249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    129048576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         129048576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    129091776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      129091776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2016384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            2016384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2017059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           2017059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     32114381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             32114381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     32125131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            32125131                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     64239512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            64239512                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    2016384                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   2017059                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  2016384                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 2017059                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             103743488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               25305088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              122430016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              129048576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           129091776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                395392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts               104086                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           505341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            54639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            65648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           123585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            50883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           128515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           110384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            45784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            74189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            14381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           49005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           30324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           51245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           65695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           75104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          176270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           573157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            59453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            73234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           156271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            62360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           136383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           133474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            50279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           110953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            17943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           51378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           34241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           56306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           74163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           87425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          235949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4018404545500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              2016384                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             2017059                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1619674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 20990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 21482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                115278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                117132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                117132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                116974                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                117225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                117168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                117155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                117129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                117202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                116921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                116854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                116841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                116842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                116831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                116830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                116827                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1483781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.430603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.802508                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   153.452603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       741811     49.99%     49.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       488134     32.90%     82.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383       140456      9.47%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        46391      3.13%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        24212      1.63%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15848      1.07%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11659      0.79%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7396      0.50%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7874      0.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1483781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       116827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.875123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.111231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             22      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             90      0.08%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            370      0.32%      0.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1279      1.09%      1.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           5059      4.33%      5.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11        13300     11.38%     17.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        26319     22.53%     39.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        42313     36.22%     75.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        24820     21.25%     97.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1731      1.48%     98.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          352      0.30%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          108      0.09%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           58      0.05%     99.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           56      0.05%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           45      0.04%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          101      0.09%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          146      0.12%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::34-35          239      0.20%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-37          207      0.18%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39          131      0.11%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           52      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           12      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            8      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       116827                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       116827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.374374                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.355928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.798331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           95431     81.69%     81.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             205      0.18%     81.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           20090     17.20%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1059      0.91%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              35      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       116827                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 27817315489                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            58210915489                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                8104960000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17160.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               35910.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       25.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       30.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    32.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    32.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  792276                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                1257905                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                48.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               65.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    996271.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   58.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              6852966120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              3739217625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             8495479200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            8094051360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        262789225920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        1136750597865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1416893229750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2843614767840                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           706.768250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2348862729753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134183400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1535359557997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              4443458040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2424505875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             4226242800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            4367571840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        262789225920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        636092194545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1856067267750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2770410466770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           688.573635                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3083039773001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134183400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 801182685249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    128733632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         128733632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    128776576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      128776576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2011463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2011463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2012134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           2012134                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32036006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             32036006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32046692                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            32046692                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     64082698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            64082698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    2011463                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   2012134                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  2011463                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 2012134                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              99780672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ               28952960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              119260672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              128733632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           128776576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                452390                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts               148691                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           484657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            43225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            72830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           140744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            52127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            71082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           123264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            38982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            69746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            15561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           46531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           21969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           42632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           88612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           73352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          173759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           553647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            49444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            83950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           179836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            63830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            78844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           150131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            43977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           106853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           50098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           25487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           48107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           93824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           87214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          228140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4018404381500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              2011463                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             2012134                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1557576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 22080                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 22551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                112513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                113849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                113855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                113794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                113774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                113788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                114222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                113826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                113857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                113652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                113599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                113595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                113596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                113593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                113586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                113586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1359475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   161.121963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.940784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.224082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       630132     46.35%     46.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       470145     34.58%     80.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383       141937     10.44%     91.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        50180      3.69%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        23523      1.73%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767        16495      1.21%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12271      0.90%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7886      0.58%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6906      0.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1359475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       113585                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.726082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.507531                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            153      0.13%      0.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           2803      2.47%      2.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         18725     16.49%     19.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        66149     58.24%     77.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        24367     21.45%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          272      0.24%     99.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          101      0.09%     99.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31           94      0.08%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          129      0.11%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          370      0.33%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          327      0.29%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           77      0.07%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           10      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       113585                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       113585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.405758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.385970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.826915                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           91165     80.26%     80.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             168      0.15%     80.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           20879     18.38%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1339      1.18%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              28      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       113585                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 26087665482                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            55320284232                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7795365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    16732.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               35482.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       24.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       29.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    32.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    32.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  789846                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                1273198                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                50.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               68.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    998709.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   60.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              6236281800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              3402733125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             8040910800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            7825306320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        262789225920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        1103561509680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1446006465000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2837862432645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           705.338532                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2397334742751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134183400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1486886176249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              4115013840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2245295250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             4194333000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            4311260640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        262789225920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        623172466530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1867400362500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2768227957680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           688.031182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3101969579500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134183400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 782253464000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8035621940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   19844969                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     35319524                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             29904097                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8399337                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     633767                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2102655                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    29904097                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8399337                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           57801775                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22814584                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14064330                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7474281                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            14557245                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           10655466                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      7913789                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5855901                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2057888                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7941761687.700799                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              93860252.299201                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.011681                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.988319                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          2898818                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               133538      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 23396632     66.24%     66.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  215049      0.61%     67.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    42353      0.12%     67.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3618219     10.24%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5855901     16.58%     94.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2057888      5.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  35319580                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8039380581                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1994136303                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3392225559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2756884221                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010088517                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49916079                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199786734                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2756884221                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010088517                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5216943365                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2052048759                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701898740                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899765659                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1288305593                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039145315                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738092918                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  571721714                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166371204                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              74125037.848354                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7965255543.151647                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.990780                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.009220                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261108975                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1507571      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2188754758     64.52%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24040795      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   210305      0.01%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439619365     12.96%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               571721714     16.85%     95.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166371204      4.90%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3392225712                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8032125094                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2866850                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6185074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6048248                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     169881                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       436907                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6048248                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12284746                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5021373                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3494003                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1837101                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1470346                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     916149                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    554197                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              7999774325.008441                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              32350768.991559                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.004028                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.995972                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           661854                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               116460      1.88%      1.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4544638     73.48%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   12573      0.20%     75.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    41063      0.66%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  916149     14.81%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 554197      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6185080                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8035130046                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3511743                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7320044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              7176855                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1952                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     189627                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       534843                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     7176855                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1952                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           14574473                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5921828                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1552                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4097894                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2241641                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1729925                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1073914                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    656011                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8005127295.836800                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              30002750.163201                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003734                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996266                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           788115                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               114045      1.56%      1.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5417867     74.01%     75.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   16546      0.23%     75.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    40294      0.55%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1456      0.02%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1073914     14.67%     91.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 656011      8.96%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7320133                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 113                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4150                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4150                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2064                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2032                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    8560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4162                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4094                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4197                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    16592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                25496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2286494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2301982                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2454498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2522998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               12496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1610000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1550000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1544500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17361088                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.001141                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.102080                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    17358306     99.98%     99.98% |         300      0.00%     99.99% |         331      0.00%     99.99% |         921      0.01%     99.99% |         926      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17361088                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   3590601088                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000242                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3590600878    100.00%    100.00% |         210      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   3590601088                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     3590601088                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.260917                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.011013                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         6.472507                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  3589819987     99.98%     99.98% |      305411      0.01%     99.99% |      349693      0.01%    100.00% |       61063      0.00%    100.00% |       49117      0.00%    100.00% |       12723      0.00%    100.00% |        1648      0.00%    100.00% |        1304      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       3590601088                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   3581920519                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  3581920519    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   3581920519                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8680569                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.924784                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    92.800278                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.558065                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     7899468     91.00%     91.00% |      305411      3.52%     94.52% |      349693      4.03%     98.55% |       61063      0.70%     99.25% |       49117      0.57%     99.82% |       12723      0.15%     99.96% |        1648      0.02%     99.98% |        1304      0.02%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      8680569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr       710845                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr      7969724                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     35255093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       345406                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     35600499                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits   3535535511                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      7789662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   3543325173                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      5017927                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       261706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      5279633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits      6111988                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       283795                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      6395783                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.021491                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       345406                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2       119259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       571628                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       345485                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      2763248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2      8586648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     41157216                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2763880                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.484608                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2      7789662                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2      7753664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7825148                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7789182                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2     62317296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2    558263808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    563410656                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     62313456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.016304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       261706                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        36523                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       487606                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       262423                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2      2093648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      2629656                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     35107632                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2099384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.017645                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       283795                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2        60191                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       507032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       283429                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      2270360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2      4333752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     36506304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2267432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.130739                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      2258058                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      2083941                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2083974                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2258040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     18064464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    150043752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    150046128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18064320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.116741                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      2042204                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      1857930                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1857935                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2042208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     16337632                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    133770960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    133771320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16337664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.126462                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      2179023                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      2016346                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2016368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2179008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     17432184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    145176912                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    145178496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     17432064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.126325                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      2201284                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      2011420                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2011447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2201263                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     17610272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    144822240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    144824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     17610104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000021                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.104034                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2      8680569                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2      7969637                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      8680569                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8680519                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2     69444552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    573813864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    625000968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     69444152                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        26041707                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           23908911                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     26041989                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     26059119                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        208333656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          1721441592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1875023208                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    208472952                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021489                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       345406                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       345485                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     24869232                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2763880                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.021493                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       345406                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       119259                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       226222                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2763248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      8586648                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16287984                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.484621                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7789662                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7789182                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    560855664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     62313456                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.484595                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      7789662                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      7753664                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        35486                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     62317296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    558263808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2554992                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.016286                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       261706                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       262423                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18842832                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2099384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016322                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       261706                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        36523                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       225900                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2093648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      2629656                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16264800                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017654                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       283795                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       283429                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20433240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2267432                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017635                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       283795                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        60191                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       223237                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2270360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      4333752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     16073064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.130738                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2258058                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2083941                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     18064464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    150043752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.130741                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2083974                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2258040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    150046128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18064320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.116740                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2042204                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1857930                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     16337632                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    133770960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.116742                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1857935                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2042208                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    133771320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16337664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126461                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2179023                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2016346                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     17432184                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    145176912                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.126463                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2016368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2179008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    145178496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     17432064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.126324                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2201284                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2011420                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     17610272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    144822240                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.126326                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2011447                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2201263                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    144824184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     17610104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000019                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2974                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        23792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.021489                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       345406                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       345485                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     24869232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2763880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.484621                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7789662                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7789182                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    560855664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     62313456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.016286                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       261706                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       262423                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18842832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2099384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.017654                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       283795                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       283429                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     20433240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2267432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.130738                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      2258058                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      2083941                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     18064464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    150043752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.116740                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      2042204                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      1857930                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          747                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     16337632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    133770960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.126461                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      2179023                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      2016346                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     17432184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    145176912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.126324                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      2201284                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      2011420                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     17610272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    144822240                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000023                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8680569                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000247                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.041441                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8680238    100.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |         143      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8680569                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       8680519                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.002035                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.138282                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     8678068     99.97%     99.97% |         278      0.00%     99.97% |         306      0.00%     99.98% |         783      0.01%     99.99% |         783      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         8680519                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    573611442                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.597539                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.024465                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      9.959093                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   573315035     99.95%     99.95% |      115488      0.02%     99.97% |      130429      0.02%     99.99% |       26354      0.00%    100.00% |       18482      0.00%    100.00% |        4554      0.00%    100.00% |         587      0.00%    100.00% |         460      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     573611442                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    570583963                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   570583963    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    570583963                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3027479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.214640                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    97.469479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.731839                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2731072     90.21%     90.21% |      115488      3.81%     94.02% |      130429      4.31%     98.33% |       26354      0.87%     99.20% |       18482      0.61%     99.81% |        4554      0.15%     99.96% |         587      0.02%     99.98% |         460      0.02%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3027479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    169500627                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.536015                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.065662                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.693804                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   169300214     99.88%     99.88% |       56786      0.03%     99.92% |      108640      0.06%     99.98% |       16016      0.01%     99.99% |       14187      0.01%    100.00% |        3865      0.00%    100.00% |         509      0.00%    100.00% |         366      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     169500627                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    167142160                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   167142160    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    167142160                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2358467                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.391819                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.602034                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.393747                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2158054     91.50%     91.50% |       56786      2.41%     93.91% |      108640      4.61%     98.52% |       16016      0.68%     99.20% |       14187      0.60%     99.80% |        3865      0.16%     99.96% |         509      0.02%     99.98% |         366      0.02%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2358467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2841389158                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.116508                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005143                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.234324                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2841107378     99.99%     99.99% |      131809      0.00%     99.99% |      109781      0.00%    100.00% |       18539      0.00%    100.00% |       16317      0.00%    100.00% |        4266      0.00%    100.00% |         548      0.00%    100.00% |         475      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2841389158                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2838117953                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2838117953    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2838117953                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3271205                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   102.199294                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.100783                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.103845                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2989425     91.39%     91.39% |      131809      4.03%     95.42% |      109781      3.36%     98.77% |       18539      0.57%     99.34% |       16317      0.50%     99.84% |        4266      0.13%     99.97% |         548      0.02%     99.98% |         475      0.01%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3271205                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5830947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.350907                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.013823                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.674806                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     5828992     99.97%     99.97% |         934      0.02%     99.98% |         755      0.01%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5830947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5813707                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5813707    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5813707                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17240                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.684455                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.864492                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.669142                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       15285     88.66%     88.66% |         934      5.42%     94.08% |         755      4.38%     98.46% |         126      0.73%     99.19% |         104      0.60%     99.79% |          29      0.17%     99.96% |           4      0.02%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        17240                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       134457                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.822144                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.230157                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.071287                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      133911     99.59%     99.59% |         394      0.29%     99.89% |          88      0.07%     99.95% |          28      0.02%     99.97% |          27      0.02%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       134457                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       128279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      128279    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       128279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6178                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.948365                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    90.757754                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    65.464830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5632     91.16%     91.16% |         394      6.38%     97.54% |          88      1.42%     98.96% |          28      0.45%     99.42% |          27      0.44%     99.85% |           9      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6178                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       134457                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134457    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       134457                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       134457                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      134457    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       134457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       710845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.947149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.916557                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.701979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      542933     76.38%     76.38% |      167912     23.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       710845                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7969724                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.541959                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.810916                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.371850                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     7188623     90.20%     90.20% |      305411      3.83%     94.03% |      349693      4.39%     98.42% |       61063      0.77%     99.19% |       49117      0.62%     99.80% |       12723      0.16%     99.96% |        1648      0.02%     99.98% |        1304      0.02%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      7969724                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       119572                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.103419                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.069518                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.790779                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       86666     72.48%     72.48% |       32906     27.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       119572                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2907907                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.015347                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.519710                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.050996                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2611500     89.81%     89.81% |      115488      3.97%     93.78% |      130429      4.49%     98.26% |       26354      0.91%     99.17% |       18482      0.64%     99.81% |        4554      0.16%     99.96% |         587      0.02%     99.98% |         460      0.02%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2907907                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2325                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.286022                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.243872                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.989300                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         999     42.97%     42.97% |        1326     57.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2325                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2356142                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.455078                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.670242                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.403999                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2155729     91.49%     91.49% |       56786      2.41%     93.90% |      108640      4.61%     98.52% |       16016      0.68%     99.19% |       14187      0.60%     99.80% |        3865      0.16%     99.96% |         509      0.02%     99.98% |         366      0.02%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2356142                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       586666                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.912323                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.882539                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.679542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      453182     77.25%     77.25% |      133484     22.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       586666                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2684539                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.499972                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.797461                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.284596                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2402759     89.50%     89.50% |      131809      4.91%     94.41% |      109781      4.09%     98.50% |       18539      0.69%     99.19% |       16317      0.61%     99.80% |        4266      0.16%     99.96% |         548      0.02%     99.98% |         475      0.02%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2684539                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1048                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.130725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.125260                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.722864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1015     96.85%     96.85% |          33      3.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1048                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16192                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.509820                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.622577                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.652098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       14237     87.93%     87.93% |         934      5.77%     93.69% |         755      4.66%     98.36% |         126      0.78%     99.14% |         104      0.64%     99.78% |          29      0.18%     99.96% |           4      0.02%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        16192                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1234                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.532415                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.512661                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.371475                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1071     86.79%     86.79% |         163     13.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1234                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4944                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.027913                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.820256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.933814                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4398     88.96%     88.96% |         394      7.97%     96.93% |          88      1.78%     98.71% |          28      0.57%     99.27% |          27      0.55%     99.82% |           9      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4944                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     2258058     26.01%     26.01% |     2042204     23.53%     49.54% |     2179023     25.10%     74.64% |     2201284     25.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      8680569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     2083941     26.15%     26.15% |     1857930     23.31%     49.46% |     2016346     25.30%     74.76% |     2011420     25.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      7969637                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          35     37.23%     37.23% |          27     28.72%     65.96% |          16     17.02%     82.98% |          16     17.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2084004     26.15%     26.15% |     1857962     23.31%     49.46% |     2016384     25.30%     74.76% |     2011463     25.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      7969813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     2084651     26.15%     26.15% |     1858641     23.31%     49.46% |     2017059     25.30%     74.76% |     2012134     25.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      7972485                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     2083974     26.15%     26.15% |     1857935     23.31%     49.46% |     2016368     25.30%     74.76% |     2011447     25.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      7969724                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          30     33.71%     33.71% |          27     30.34%     64.04% |          16     17.98%     82.02% |          16     17.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         710     24.93%     24.93% |         711     24.96%     49.89% |         713     25.04%     74.93% |         714     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2848                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      174084     24.49%     24.49% |      184269     25.92%     50.41% |      162655     22.88%     73.29% |      189837     26.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       710845                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     2083926     26.15%     26.15% |     1857921     23.31%     49.46% |     2016339     25.30%     74.76% |     2011414     25.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      7969600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          10     31.25%     31.25% |           9     28.12%     59.38% |           7     21.88%     81.25% |           6     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |          10     31.25%     31.25% |           9     28.12%     59.38% |           7     21.88%     81.25% |           6     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          10     31.25%     31.25% |           9     28.12%     59.38% |           7     21.88%     81.25% |           6     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     2083974     26.15%     26.15% |     1857935     23.31%     49.46% |     2016368     25.30%     74.76% |     2011447     25.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      7969724                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     2083926     26.15%     26.15% |     1857921     23.31%     49.46% |     2016339     25.30%     74.76% |     2011414     25.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      7969600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          30     33.71%     33.71% |          27     30.34%     64.04% |          16     17.98%     82.02% |          16     17.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         710     24.93%     24.93% |         711     24.96%     49.89% |         713     25.04%     74.93% |         714     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2848                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5722370      1.00%      1.00% |   566034908     98.68%     99.68% |      850223      0.15%     99.82% |     1003941      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    573611442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    27685773      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072219813888    100.00%    100.00% |     3810100      0.00%    100.00% |     4664428      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072255973376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2192356      1.25%      1.25% |   172061408     97.98%     99.23% |      619310      0.35%     99.59% |      727414      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    175600488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      345406      3.98%      3.98% |     7789662     89.74%     93.72% |      261706      3.01%     96.73% |      283795      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      8680569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      226222     31.82%     31.82% |       35486      4.99%     36.82% |      225900     31.78%     68.60% |      223237     31.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       710845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           8     10.81%     10.81% |          64     86.49%     97.30% |           0      0.00%     97.30% |           2      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      146641      1.82%      1.82% |     7764711     96.45%     98.27% |       56663      0.70%     98.98% |       82320      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      8050335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      119259      1.50%      1.50% |     7753664     97.29%     98.79% |       36523      0.46%     99.24% |       60191      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      7969637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       80026      2.64%      2.64% |     2824953     93.31%     95.95% |       56310      1.86%     97.81% |       66190      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3027479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      234487      7.17%      7.17% |     2626322     80.29%     87.45% |      201604      6.16%     93.62% |      208792      6.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      3271205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       30893      1.30%      1.30% |     2338387     98.17%     99.47% |        3792      0.16%     99.63% |        8813      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2381885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       27386     33.92%     33.92% |       11079     13.72%     47.64% |       20140     24.95%     72.59% |       22130     27.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total        80735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     5642344      0.99%      0.99% |   563209955     98.71%     99.70% |      793913      0.14%     99.84% |      937751      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    570583963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    27451286      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072217186304    100.00%    100.00% |     3608496      0.00%    100.00% |     4455636      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072252702720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     2161463      1.25%      1.25% |   169723021     97.98%     99.23% |      615518      0.36%     99.59% |      718601      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    173218603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      226222     31.82%     31.82% |       35486      4.99%     36.82% |      225900     31.78%     68.60% |      223237     31.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       710845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           4     10.81%     10.81% |          32     86.49%     97.30% |           0      0.00%     97.30% |           1      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      119255      1.50%      1.50% |     7753632     97.29%     98.79% |       36523      0.46%     99.24% |       60190      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      7969600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           4     10.81%     10.81% |          32     86.49%     97.30% |           0      0.00%     97.30% |           1      2.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      119259      1.50%      1.50% |     7753664     97.29%     98.79% |       36523      0.46%     99.24% |       60191      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      7969637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      314513      4.99%      4.99% |     5451275     86.55%     91.54% |      257914      4.09%     95.63% |      274982      4.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6298684                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       30893      1.30%      1.30% |     2338387     98.17%     99.47% |        3792      0.16%     99.63% |        8813      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      2381885                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  4.040042                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                4040041745500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               55280223509501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 139335                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   237418                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              277435977                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2133248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14562.07                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  2029011098                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3457299699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    136407424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         136407424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    136447488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      136447488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2131366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            2131366                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2131992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           2131992                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     33763865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             33763865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     33773782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            33773782                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     67537647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            67537647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    2131366                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   2131992                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  2131366                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 2131992                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             109638848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ               26768576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              126131840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              136407424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           136447488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                418259                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts               161182                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           516414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            61960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            69858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           124795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            59361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           126240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           106590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            72858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           60987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           45150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           44438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           94367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           83977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          182975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           570491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            69728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            80043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           156359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            69960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           139321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           128918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            46244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            92887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            25425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           67610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           51532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           53427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          102206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           98679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          217980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 4040041234500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              2131366                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             2131992                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1710621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 19479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 19908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                119314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                120811                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                120921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                120844                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                120893                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                120943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                120971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                121003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                120891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                120740                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                120678                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                120677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                120665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                120660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                120656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                120655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      1491902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   158.033715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.991270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   153.744977                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       713695     47.84%     47.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       487580     32.68%     80.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383       166587     11.17%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        54969      3.68%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        26065      1.75%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        17093      1.15%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12227      0.82%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7108      0.48%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6578      0.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      1491902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       120655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.198342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.182471                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-3             63      0.05%      0.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           1805      1.50%      1.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         13696     11.35%     12.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        70629     58.54%     71.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        33013     27.36%     98.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          290      0.24%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          143      0.12%     99.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          103      0.09%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          105      0.09%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          457      0.38%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          309      0.26%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           31      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-51            6      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       120655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       120655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.334259                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.317590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.758775                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16          100794     83.54%     83.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             180      0.15%     83.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           18940     15.70%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19             698      0.58%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              39      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       120655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 28142101451                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            60262857701                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                8565535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    16427.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               35177.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       27.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       31.22                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    33.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    33.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  892196                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                1299820                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                52.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    947619.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   59.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              6538197960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              3567469125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             8667110400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            8200271520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        264202514160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        1116165272445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1447933326000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2855274161610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           705.869953                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2400627290750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134905940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1504509044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              4821579000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2630821875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             4773592200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            4637580480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        264202514160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        668063369430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1841005170750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2790134627895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           689.766407                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3057797790001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134905940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 847338794499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    121814784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         121814784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    121856896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      121856896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1903356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1903356                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1904014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1904014                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30151863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             30151863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30162286                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            30162286                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1     60314149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            60314149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1903356                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1904014                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1903356                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1904014                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              97343680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ               24471104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              114164416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              121814784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           121856896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                382361                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts               120197                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           470805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            50389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            50185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           137626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            50719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           121128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           102055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            42350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            18118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           52190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           26853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           46588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           75085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           67447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          168176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           519088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            54573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            55885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           167346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            62831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           138324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           129033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            47118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            57554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            21015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           65079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           31004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           50768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           84669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           79659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          219873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 4040041266000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1903356                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1904014                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1518911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 18739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 19176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                107775                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                109291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                109419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                109216                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                109271                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                109241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                109374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                109342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                109365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                109145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                109075                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                109071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                109073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                109058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                109057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                109057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1394184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.707539                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   113.742975                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.266764                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       702796     50.41%     50.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       453648     32.54%     82.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383       130229      9.34%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        44765      3.21%     95.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        25266      1.81%     97.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15941      1.14%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895        10299      0.74%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         6019      0.43%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5221      0.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1394184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       109057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.946743                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.099110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             16      0.01%      0.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             48      0.04%      0.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            343      0.31%      0.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1710      1.57%      1.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           3331      3.05%      5.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::10-11        10719      9.83%     14.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        26872     24.64%     39.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        40357     37.01%     76.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        22314     20.46%     96.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1831      1.68%     98.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          258      0.24%     98.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          116      0.11%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           94      0.09%     99.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           65      0.06%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           95      0.09%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          110      0.10%     99.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          176      0.16%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::34-35          207      0.19%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::36-37          230      0.21%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::38-39          109      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           30      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::42-43            8      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            5      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       109057                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       109057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.356758                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.339209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.778381                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           89875     82.41%     82.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             188      0.17%     82.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           18325     16.80%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19             612      0.56%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              53      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       109057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 26054742961                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            54573399211                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7604975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    17130.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               35880.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       24.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       28.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    30.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    30.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.41                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  738166                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                1172466                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               65.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1061110.76                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              6392032920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              3487716375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             8022931800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            7638073200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        264202514160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        1072085225040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1486600034250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2848428527745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           704.177602                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2465060284001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134905940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1440075935499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              4227801480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2306836125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             3919266000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3987422640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        264202514160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        624379535865                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1879324323000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2782347699270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           687.841352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3121839874752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134905940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 783297111748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    131964352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total         131964352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2    132006144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total      132006144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2061943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total            2061943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2062596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total           2062596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     32664106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total             32664106                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     32674450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            32674450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2     65338557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total            65338557                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                    2061943                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                   2062596                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                  2061943                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                 2062596                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM             106378240                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ               25586112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten              125288320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys              131964352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys           132006144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                399783                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts               104959                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0           507677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            56816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            67923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3           125454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            54056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5           131549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6           112649                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            48830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            76913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            16845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           51064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           33962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           54150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           69070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           77073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15          178129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0           575759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            61874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            75683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3           158272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            65763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5           139784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6           135822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            53468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8           114092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           53544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           38217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           59522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           77864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           89510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15          237887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 4040041602500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6              2061943                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6             2062596                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                1659660                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   2479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                 21471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                 21970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                117857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                119865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                119872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                119714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                119968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                119913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                119909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                119880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                119961                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                119672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                119597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                119573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                119576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                119564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                119558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                119555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                   142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples      1534124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.009144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.904930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.137037                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127       775837     50.57%     50.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255       500244     32.61%     83.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383       143015      9.32%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        47299      3.08%     95.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        24628      1.61%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767        16018      1.04%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895        11732      0.76%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7433      0.48%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7918      0.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total      1534124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples       119555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.902773                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.129331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-1             23      0.02%      0.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2-3             95      0.08%      0.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4-5            390      0.33%      0.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::6-7           1316      1.10%      1.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::8-9           5151      4.31%      5.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::10-11        13462     11.26%     17.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::12-13        26706     22.34%     39.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::14-15        43066     36.02%     75.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::16-17        25715     21.51%     96.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::18-19         1907      1.60%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::20-21          429      0.36%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::22-23          166      0.14%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::24-25           82      0.07%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::26-27           75      0.06%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::28-29           54      0.05%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::30-31          106      0.09%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::32-33          147      0.12%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::34-35          241      0.20%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::36-37          209      0.17%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::38-39          132      0.11%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::40-41           53      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::42-43           13      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::44-45            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::46-47            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::48-49            8      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::50-51            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::52-53            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::54-55            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total       119555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples       119555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.374305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.355848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.798605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16           97674     81.70%     81.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17             207      0.17%     81.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18           20532     17.17%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19            1096      0.92%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20              39      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::21               7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total       119555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 28618172209                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            59783672209                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                8310800000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    17217.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               35967.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                       26.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       31.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                    32.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    32.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  809287                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                1276381                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                48.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               65.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    979513.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   57.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy              7039872000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy              3841200000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy             8652836400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy            8235406080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        264202514160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy        1147904618355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1420091794500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          2859968241495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           707.030406                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2354115511755                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134905940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1551022224745                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy              4637137680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy              2530184250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy             4389996000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy            4515620400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        264202514160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy        647001378945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1859480601000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          2786757432435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           688.931510                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3088652695501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134905940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 816485108249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    131494016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total         131494016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3    131534336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total      131534336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2054594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total            2054594                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2055224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total           2055224                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32547687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total             32547687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     32557668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            32557668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3     65105355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total            65105355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                    2054594                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                   2055224                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                  2054594                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                 2055224                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM             102320576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ               29173440                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten              121972672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys              131494016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys           131534336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                455835                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts               149402                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0           486746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            45325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            75019                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3           142541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            55068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            73906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6           125379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            72462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            18047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           48625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           25334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           45448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           91884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           75346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15          175853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0           555825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            51772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            86352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3           181811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            66958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            81931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6           152305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            46887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8           109821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            22677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           52297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           29071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           51087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           97362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           89292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15          230375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 4040041801500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6              2054594                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6             2055224                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                1596202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   2537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                 22482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                 22965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                114951                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                116460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                116467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                116412                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                116388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                116411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                116837                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                116445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                116465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                116253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                116209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                116199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                116195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                116188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                116181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                116181                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                   118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples      1407190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   159.390968                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   118.762234                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   156.888246                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127       662476     47.08%     47.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255       481460     34.21%     81.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383       144389     10.26%     91.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        51045      3.63%     95.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        23897      1.70%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767        16690      1.19%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895        12345      0.88%     98.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         7927      0.56%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6961      0.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total      1407190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples       116180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     13.761009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     3.520032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-3            156      0.13%      0.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4-7           2858      2.46%      2.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::8-11         18962     16.32%     18.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::12-15        67159     57.81%     76.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::16-19        25464     21.92%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::20-23          394      0.34%     98.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::24-27          140      0.12%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::28-31          114      0.10%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::32-35          136      0.12%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::36-39          373      0.32%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::40-43          328      0.28%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::44-47           77      0.07%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::48-51           10      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::52-55            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::56-59            6      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::64-67            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total       116180                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples       116180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.404054                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.384324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.825746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16           93347     80.35%     80.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17             176      0.15%     80.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18           21249     18.29%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19            1372      1.18%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20              30      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total       116180                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 26866692201                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            56843423451                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                7993795000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    16804.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               35554.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                       25.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       30.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                    32.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    32.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  806509                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                1290884                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                50.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               67.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    983022.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   59.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy              6406911000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy              3495834375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy             8187925200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy            7956144000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        264202514160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy        1114563363255                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1449338509500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          2854151201490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           705.592340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2402809512003                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF 134905940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1502326549997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy              4305200760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy              2349067875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy             4356861600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy            4455116640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        264202514160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy        634159574775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1870745341500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          2784573677310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           688.391650                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3107467620499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF 134905940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 797670051001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      8079158281                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   21593508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     38574441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             33115218                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses               8421061                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     700782                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      2345374                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    33115218                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                      8421061                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           64392379                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          25331012                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            14099216                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes            7491245                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            16229286                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           11573066                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8742665                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    6329888                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   2412777                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              7973792638.279114                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              105365642.720885                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.013042                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.986958                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          3245366                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               148795      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 25789374     66.86%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  216631      0.56%     67.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    42705      0.11%     67.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                3634463      9.42%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 6329888     16.41%     93.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                2412777      6.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  38574633                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      8082654882                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 1995231067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   3394305215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           2758927472                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses            1010093674                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   49964365                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    199946967                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  2758927472                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                   1010093674                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         5221138625                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        2053680737                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads          1701907274                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          899769789                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          1289416962                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         1039819090                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    738604252                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  572031992                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 166572260                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              107803850.387839                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              7974851031.612161                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.986662                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.013338                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        261335177                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1522134      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               2190301523     64.53%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                24042253      0.71%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   212094      0.01%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              439623313     12.95%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               572031992     16.85%     95.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              166572260      4.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                3394305569                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      8080083492                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4293622                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      8872673                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              8698910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 15003                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     221983                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       652213                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     8698910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        15003                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           17559182                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           7135529                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               24563                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              11913                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4916900                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2743763                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      2068605                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1267204                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    801401                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              8037428664.994732                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              42654827.005268                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005279                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994721                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           962938                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               128405      1.45%      1.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6607108     74.46%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   14281      0.16%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    43128      0.49%     76.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  11340      0.13%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1267204     14.28%     90.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 801401      9.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   8872883                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      8078820107                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    6514510                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     13003612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             12788233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 10363                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     318234                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       956774                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    12788233                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        10363                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           25802014                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          10412721                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               16440                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               8050                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             6996528                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            4180435                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      3033798                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1844625                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1189173                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              8026081469.392395                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              52738637.607605                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006528                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993472                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1398781                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               132901      1.02%      1.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  9765712     75.10%     76.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   20459      0.16%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    43805      0.34%     76.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   7257      0.06%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1844625     14.19%     90.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1189173      9.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  13003996                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4577                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4577                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                6062                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               6062                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              160                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          224                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          112                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2132                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2164                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3056                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        10086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   21598                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           56                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          338                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          339                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5029                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5043                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           80                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        10063                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    25472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               247000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               628477                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             7289500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2457987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2548978                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2629492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2815985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              161994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1942000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2377000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2369500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy            10748000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               35247798                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.002219                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.137464                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    35236415     99.97%     99.97% |        1204      0.00%     99.97% |        1471      0.00%     99.98% |        3684      0.01%     99.99% |        3962      0.01%    100.00% |         189      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |         360      0.00%    100.00% |         318      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 35247798                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   7194125398                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000403                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7194124230    100.00%    100.00% |        1168      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   7194125398                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     7194125397                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.264193                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.011158                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         6.511542                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  7192520830     99.98%     99.98% |      641672      0.01%     99.99% |      708022      0.01%    100.00% |      123286      0.00%    100.00% |       99507      0.00%    100.00% |       25802      0.00%    100.00% |        3333      0.00%    100.00% |        2659      0.00%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       7194125397                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   7176501334                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  7176501334    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   7176501334                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     17624063                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   108.843142                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    92.707742                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.538467                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    16019496     90.90%     90.90% |      641672      3.64%     94.54% |      708022      4.02%     98.55% |      123286      0.70%     99.25% |       99507      0.56%     99.82% |       25802      0.15%     99.96% |        3333      0.02%     99.98% |        2659      0.02%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     17624063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr      1503169                      
system.ruby.Directory.incomplete_times_seqr     16120894                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits     38419589                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses       398924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     38818513                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits   3537431509                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses      7850131                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses   3545281640                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits      7452721                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses       309989                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses      7762710                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits     11276996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses       384451                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses     11661447                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.024692                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::2       398924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Data::2       149401                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       648659                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       399140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::2      3191392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Data::2     10756872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     46703448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3193120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.485755                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::2      7850131                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Data::2      7787720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7912047                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7849668                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::2     62801048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Data::2    560715840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    569667384                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     62797344                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.019196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::2       309989                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Data::2        73450                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       546978                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       310441                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::2      2479912                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Data::2      5288400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     39382416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2483528                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.023775                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::2       384451                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Data::2       140282                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4       628134                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       383967                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::2      3075608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Data::2     10100304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     45225648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3071736                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.133074                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::2      2322480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Data::2      2131252                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2131336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2322413                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::2     18579840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Data::2    153450144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    153456192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18579304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.119027                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::2      2104368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Data::2      1903271                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1903329                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2104319                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::2     16834944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Data::2    137035512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    137039688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16834552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.128783                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::2      2253665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Data::2      2061852                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2061927                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2253597                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::2     18029320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Data::2    148453344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    148458744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18028776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.128430                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::2      2262981                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Data::2      2054478                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2054578                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2262887                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::2     18103848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Data::2    147922416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    147929616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18103096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.000022                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.106275                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::2      8943495                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Data::2      8150853                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4      8943494                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      8943216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::2     71547960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Data::2    586861416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    643931568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     71545728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        26830484                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Data           24452559                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     26830770                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     26847984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        214643872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Data          1760584248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1931815440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    214783872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024687                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       398924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       399140                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28722528                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3193120                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.024697                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       398924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       149401                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       249735                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3191392                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     10756872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17980920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.485768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7850131                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7849668                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    565209432                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     62797344                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.485743                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2      7850131                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2      7787720                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        61916                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2     62801048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2    560715840                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4457952                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.019185                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       309988                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       310441                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22319136                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2483528                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.019207                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       309989                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2        73450                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       236990                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      2479912                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2      5288400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17063280                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023787                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       384451                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       383967                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27680472                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3071736                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.023763                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::2       384451                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Data::2       140282                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       243683                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::2      3075608                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Data::2     10100304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     17545176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.133071                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2322480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2131252                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     18579840                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    153450144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.133077                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           37                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2131336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2322413                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    153456192                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18579304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.119025                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2104368                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      1903271                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     16834944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    137035512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.119029                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           27                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1903329                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2104319                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    137039688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     16834552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.128780                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2253665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2061852                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     18029320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    148453344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.128785                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2061927                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2253597                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    148458744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18028776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.128427                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::2      2262981                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Data::2      2054478                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::2     18103848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Data::2    147922416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.128433                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2054578                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2262887                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    147929616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     18103096                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000019                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        24832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.024687                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4       398924                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       399140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     28722528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3193120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.485768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7850131                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      7849668                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    565209432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     62797344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.019185                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4       309988                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       310441                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     22319136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      2483528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.023787                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4       384451                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3       383967                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     27680472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3      3071736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.133071                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::2      2322481                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Data::2      2131252                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          789                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::2     18579848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Data::2    153450144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.119025                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::2      2104368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Data::2      1903271                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::2     16834944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Data::2    137035512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.128780                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::2      2253665                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Data::2      2061852                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::2     18029320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Data::2    148453344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.128427                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::2      2262981                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Data::2      2054478                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::2     18103848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Data::2    147922416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         6144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.000024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      17624063                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.000347                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.048391                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    17623059     99.99%     99.99% |         112      0.00%     99.99% |         129      0.00%    100.00% |         370      0.00%    100.00% |         385      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        17624063                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples      17623735                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.004091                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.188266                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |    17613356     99.94%     99.94% |        1092      0.01%     99.95% |        1342      0.01%     99.95% |        3314      0.02%     99.97% |        3577      0.02%     99.99% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |         360      0.00%    100.00% |         318      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total        17623735                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1149062476                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.605785                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.024791                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.029206                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |  1148449999     99.95%     99.95% |      245575      0.02%     99.97% |      264571      0.02%     99.99% |       53295      0.00%    100.00% |       37533      0.00%    100.00% |        9259      0.00%    100.00% |        1192      0.00%    100.00% |         946      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total    1149062476                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1142919272                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1142919272    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1142919272                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6143204                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.309724                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    97.562288                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    77.740456                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5530727     90.03%     90.03% |      245575      4.00%     94.03% |      264571      4.31%     98.33% |       53295      0.87%     99.20% |       37533      0.61%     99.81% |        9259      0.15%     99.96% |        1192      0.02%     99.98% |         946      0.02%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6143204                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    340301146                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.543299                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.065933                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     15.733595                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   339893306     99.88%     99.88% |      118276      0.03%     99.91% |      219086      0.06%     99.98% |       32232      0.01%     99.99% |       28596      0.01%    100.00% |        7794      0.00%    100.00% |        1028      0.00%    100.00% |         740      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     340301146                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    335548582                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   335548582    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    335548582                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4752564                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.505921                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.727714                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.393597                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     4344724     91.42%     91.42% |      118276      2.49%     93.91% |      219086      4.61%     98.52% |       32232      0.68%     99.20% |       28596      0.60%     99.80% |        7794      0.16%     99.96% |        1028      0.02%     99.98% |         740      0.02%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4752564                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   5692434979                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.118297                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005235                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.262559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  5691856963     99.99%     99.99% |      274184      0.00%     99.99% |      222499      0.00%    100.00% |       37418      0.00%    100.00% |       33089      0.00%    100.00% |        8664      0.00%    100.00% |        1105      0.00%    100.00% |         965      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   5692434979                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5685758313                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5685758313    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5685758313                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6676666                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   101.858494                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    85.768385                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.010213                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     6098650     91.34%     91.34% |      274184      4.11%     95.45% |      222499      3.33%     98.78% |       37418      0.56%     99.34% |       33089      0.50%     99.84% |        8664      0.13%     99.97% |        1105      0.02%     99.98% |         965      0.01%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      6676666                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     11719984                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.364672                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.014374                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.820460                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |    11715679     99.96%     99.96% |        2190      0.02%     99.98% |        1563      0.01%    100.00% |         259      0.00%    100.00% |         218      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     11719984                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11683947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11683947    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     11683947                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        36037                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.599079                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   103.681612                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.603172                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       31732     88.05%     88.05% |        2190      6.08%     94.13% |        1563      4.34%     98.47% |         259      0.72%     99.19% |         218      0.60%     99.79% |          61      0.17%     99.96% |           8      0.02%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        36037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       303406                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.572368                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.262685                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    28.584145                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      301477     99.36%     99.36% |        1447      0.48%     99.84% |         303      0.10%     99.94% |          82      0.03%     99.97% |          71      0.02%     99.99% |          24      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       303406                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       287814                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      287814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       287814                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15592                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   109.433171                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    93.563771                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.890037                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13663     87.63%     87.63% |        1447      9.28%     96.91% |         303      1.94%     98.85% |          82      0.53%     99.38% |          71      0.46%     99.83% |          24      0.15%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        15592                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       303406                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      303406    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       303406                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       303406                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      303406    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       303406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1503169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.962359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.930303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.799522                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1503149    100.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1503169                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     16120894                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.706368                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.982139                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.385532                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    14516333     90.05%     90.05% |      641667      3.98%     94.03% |      708022      4.39%     98.42% |      123286      0.76%     99.18% |       99506      0.62%     99.80% |       25802      0.16%     99.96% |        3333      0.02%     99.98% |        2659      0.02%    100.00% |         282      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     16120894                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       251587                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.125511                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.090552                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.841440                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      251585    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       251587                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5891617                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.221363                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.736977                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    78.067307                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5279142     89.60%     89.60% |      245573      4.17%     93.77% |      264571      4.49%     98.26% |       53295      0.90%     99.17% |       37533      0.64%     99.80% |        9259      0.16%     99.96% |        1192      0.02%     99.98% |         946      0.02%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5891617                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5587                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    47.505638                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    47.465030                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.951368                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2099     37.57%     37.57% |        3488     62.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5587                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4746977                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   111.581247                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    96.808794                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.405925                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4339137     91.41%     91.41% |      118276      2.49%     93.90% |      219086      4.62%     98.52% |       32232      0.68%     99.19% |       28596      0.60%     99.80% |        7794      0.16%     99.96% |        1028      0.02%     99.98% |         740      0.02%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4746977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1240674                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.924096                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.892814                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.786495                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1240656    100.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1240674                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5435992                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.624582                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.926215                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.294897                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     4857980     89.37%     89.37% |      274181      5.04%     94.41% |      222499      4.09%     98.50% |       37418      0.69%     99.19% |       33088      0.61%     99.80% |        8664      0.16%     99.96% |        1105      0.02%     99.98% |         965      0.02%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5435992                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.240611                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.229229                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.058041                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2164     94.50%     94.50% |         124      5.41%     99.91% |           2      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2290                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33747                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.644887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.685635                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.586580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       29442     87.24%     87.24% |        2190      6.49%     93.73% |        1563      4.63%     98.36% |         259      0.77%     99.13% |         218      0.65%     99.78% |          61      0.18%     99.96% |           8      0.02%     99.98% |           6      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        33747                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3031                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.782580                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    45.755044                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.619163                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2450     80.83%     80.83% |         581     19.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3031                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12561                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   124.792214                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.191821                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    68.387638                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       10632     84.64%     84.64% |        1447     11.52%     96.16% |         303      2.41%     98.57% |          82      0.65%     99.23% |          71      0.57%     99.79% |          24      0.19%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12561                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     2322497     25.97%     25.97% |     2104425     23.53%     49.50% |     2253706     25.20%     74.70% |     2263057     25.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      8943685                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |     2131250     26.15%     26.15% |     1903271     23.35%     49.50% |     2061851     25.30%     74.79% |     2054478     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      8150850                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX_NotOwner::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          37     38.54%     38.54% |          27     28.12%     66.67% |          16     16.67%     83.33% |          16     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     2131366     26.15%     26.15% |     1903356     23.35%     49.50% |     2061943     25.30%     74.79% |     2054594     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      8151259                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     2131992     26.15%     26.15% |     1904014     23.35%     49.50% |     2062596     25.30%     74.79% |     2055224     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      8153826                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |     2131336     26.15%     26.15% |     1903329     23.35%     49.50% |     2061927     25.30%     74.79% |     2054578     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total      8151170                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          30     33.71%     33.71% |          27     30.34%     64.04% |          16     17.98%     82.02% |          16     17.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         742     24.93%     24.93% |         743     24.97%     49.90% |         745     25.03%     74.93% |         746     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2976                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX  |      191144     24.12%     24.12% |      201039     25.37%     49.50% |      191738     24.20%     73.70% |      208403     26.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.GETX::total       792324                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |     2131233     26.15%     26.15% |     1903262     23.35%     49.50% |     2061844     25.30%     74.79% |     2054472     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      8150811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX_NotOwner::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          10     31.25%     31.25% |           9     28.12%     59.38% |           7     21.88%     81.25% |           6     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX |          10     31.25%     31.25% |           9     28.12%     59.38% |           7     21.88%     81.25% |           6     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.PUTX::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          10     31.25%     31.25% |           9     28.12%     59.38% |           7     21.88%     81.25% |           6     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total           32                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX |          17      8.90%      8.90% |          57     29.84%     38.74% |          41     21.47%     60.21% |          76     39.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.GETX::total          191                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |     2131336     26.15%     26.15% |     1903329     23.35%     49.50% |     2061927     25.30%     74.79% |     2054578     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      8151170                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |     2131233     26.15%     26.15% |     1903262     23.35%     49.50% |     2061844     25.30%     74.79% |     2054472     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      8150811                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          30     33.71%     33.71% |          27     30.34%     64.04% |          16     17.98%     82.02% |          16     17.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           89                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         742     24.93%     24.93% |         743     24.97%     49.90% |         745     25.03%     74.93% |         746     25.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2976                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          96    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           96                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6181932      1.07%      1.07% |   566332310     98.42%     99.49% |     1194915      0.21%     99.70% |     1741877      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    575451034                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    30069883      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072221253632    100.00%    100.00% |     5688747      0.00%    100.00% |     8617002      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total 18446744072265631744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     2566698      1.45%      1.45% |   172279140     97.32%     98.77% |      879048      0.50%     99.26% |     1302568      0.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    177027454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |      398924      4.46%      4.46% |     7850131     87.77%     92.24% |      309988      3.47%     95.70% |      384451      4.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      8943494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |      249735     31.52%     31.52% |       61916      7.81%     39.33% |      236990     29.91%     69.24% |      243683     30.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       792324                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           8     10.26%     10.26% |          64     82.05%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           4      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total           78                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement |      181152      2.20%      2.20% |     7804118     94.58%     96.78% |       96591      1.17%     97.95% |      169436      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Replacement::total      8251297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |      149400      1.83%      1.83% |     7787719     95.54%     97.38% |       73449      0.90%     98.28% |      140282      1.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      8150850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Nack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       95200      3.06%      3.06% |     2842491     91.23%     94.29% |       73792      2.37%     96.65% |      104242      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      3115725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |      264061      7.75%      7.75% |     2660758     78.13%     85.89% |      225600      6.62%     92.51% |      255043      7.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total      3405462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       39663      1.64%      1.64% |     2346882     96.89%     98.52% |       10597      0.44%     98.96% |       25166      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2422308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement |       31755     31.60%     31.60% |       16430     16.35%     47.95% |       23142     23.03%     70.98% |       29156     29.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Replacement::total       100483                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Nack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     6086732      1.06%      1.06% |   563489819     98.45%     99.52% |     1121123      0.20%     99.71% |     1637635      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    572335309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    29805822      0.00%      0.00% |18446744072218593280    100.00%    100.00% |     5463147      0.00%    100.00% |     8361959      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total 18446744072262225920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     2527035      1.45%      1.45% |   169932258     97.32%     98.77% |      868451      0.50%     99.27% |     1277402      0.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    174605146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |      249734     31.52%     31.52% |       61915      7.81%     39.33% |      236989     29.91%     69.24% |      243683     30.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       792321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           4     10.26%     10.26% |          32     82.05%     92.31% |           1      2.56%     94.87% |           2      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement |      149397      1.83%      1.83% |     7787688     95.54%     97.38% |       73449      0.90%     98.28% |      140280      1.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Replacement::total      8150814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv    |           4     10.26%     10.26% |          32     82.05%     92.31% |           1      2.56%     94.87% |           2      5.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Inv::total           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |      149400      1.83%      1.83% |     7787719     95.54%     97.38% |       73449      0.90%     98.28% |      140282      1.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      8150850                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |      359261      5.51%      5.51% |     5503249     84.39%     89.90% |      299391      4.59%     94.49% |      359285      5.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      6521186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |       39663      1.64%      1.64% |     2346882     96.89%     98.52% |       10597      0.44%     98.96% |       25166      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total      2422308                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
