
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.929844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2929843523500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56080334344501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 117832                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   197483                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              225114242                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1866568                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13014.92                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1533571350                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2570220493                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2427392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2427392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1708544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1708544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        37928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              37928                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        26696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             26696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       828506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               828506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       583152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              583152                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1411658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1411658                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      37928                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     26696                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    37928                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   26696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2418752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   8640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                1700608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2427392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             1708544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   135                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  103                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            3438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            3775                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2929850505500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                37928                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               26696                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  37684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        12886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   319.667236                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.635180                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   380.524184                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6505     50.48%     50.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2335     18.12%     68.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          473      3.67%     72.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          282      2.19%     74.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          310      2.41%     76.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          163      1.26%     78.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          172      1.33%     79.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          191      1.48%     80.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2455     19.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        12886                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     28.422478                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   165.547843                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         1468     99.39%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      0.34%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.14%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.990521                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.989837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.151477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               8      0.54%      0.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1467     99.32%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               2      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   245569743                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              954188493                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 188965000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     6497.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25247.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   27292                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  24186                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               90.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  45336879.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   79.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                54900720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                29955750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              165094800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              87842880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        191612185440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         74949429960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1694448976500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1961348386050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.567766                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2817034257750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97833840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14975131000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                55014120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                30017625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162645600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              84343680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        191612185440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         75393103140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1694059781250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1961397090855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.584372                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2816106070000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97833840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15901371250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2372352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2372352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1694976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1694976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        37068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              37068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        26484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             26484                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       809720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               809720                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       578521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              578521                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1388241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1388241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      37068                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     26484                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    37068                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   26484                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2367360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                1689792                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2372352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             1694976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    78                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            3423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            3721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2929843782500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                37068                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               26484                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  36863                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        12412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   326.873348                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.301659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   385.107030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6275     50.56%     50.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2137     17.22%     67.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          463      3.73%     71.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          256      2.06%     73.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          300      2.42%     75.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          165      1.33%     77.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          174      1.40%     78.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          200      1.61%     80.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2442     19.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        12412                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     28.052452                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   162.356733                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         1459     99.39%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      0.41%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1468                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.985695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.984670                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.185903                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              11      0.75%      0.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.20%      0.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1450     98.77%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   229633743                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              923196243                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 184950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     6208.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               24958.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     22.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   26884                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  24097                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                72.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               91.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  46101519.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   80.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                52262280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                28516125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              160804800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              86916240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        191612185440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         74637215595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1694722848750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1961300749230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.551528                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2817488541250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97833840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14518465750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                54129600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                29535000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              160695600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              84175200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        191612185440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         75233890170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1694199450000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1961374061010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.576518                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2816386453000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97833840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15621002000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2354496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           2354496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1685248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        1685248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        36789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              36789                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        26332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             26332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       803625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               803625                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       575201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              575201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1378826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1378826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      36789                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     26332                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    36789                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   26332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               2351424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   3072                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                1682944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                2354496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             1685248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    48                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             3919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             3420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             3467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             3623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             3772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            3415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            3737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2929841940500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                36789                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               26332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  36636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  1463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        12140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   332.314992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.878402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   388.311573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         6068     49.98%     49.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2069     17.04%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          495      4.08%     71.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          230      1.89%     73.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          290      2.39%     75.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          160      1.32%     76.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          169      1.39%     78.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          188      1.55%     79.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2471     20.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        12140                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     28.004104                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   161.822289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         1454     99.45%     99.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5      0.34%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1462                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.986320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.985124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.202189                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              11      0.75%      0.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               6      0.41%      1.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            1438     98.36%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               6      0.41%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   235295496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              924189246                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 183705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     6404.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               25154.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     21.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   26840                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  24055                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                73.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               91.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  46416278.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   80.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                50614200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                27616875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              159135600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              86164560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        191612185440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         74276008875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1695039688500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1961251414050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.534715                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2817992420500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97833840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14013203500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                53736480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                29320500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              160258800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              84233520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        191612185440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         75263568930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1694173407750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1961376711420                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.577425                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2816328241750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97833840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15682458500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2349568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           2349568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1676672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1676672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        36712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              36712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        26198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             26198                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       801943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               801943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       572274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              572274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1374217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             1374217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      36712                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     26198                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    36712                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   26198                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               2348352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                1675072                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                2349568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             1676672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             3949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             3459                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             3441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             3618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             3737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            3402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2982                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2929843520000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                36712                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               26198                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  36587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  1458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  1459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1456                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        12063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   333.523667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.642905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   388.719957                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         5997     49.71%     49.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2083     17.27%     66.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          463      3.84%     70.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          257      2.13%     72.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          286      2.37%     75.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          158      1.31%     76.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          150      1.24%     77.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          216      1.79%     79.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2453     20.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        12063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     28.052198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   157.682312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         1450     99.59%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      0.14%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            1      0.07%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.07%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1456                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.975962                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.974209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.243342                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16              19      1.30%      1.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.21%      1.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            1429     98.15%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               4      0.27%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   228681747                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              916675497                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 183465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     6232.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               24982.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.80                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.57                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.57                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   26794                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  24008                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                73.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               91.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  46571984.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   80.79                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                50470560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                27538500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              159198000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              85412880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        191612185440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         74436696720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1694898742500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1961270244600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.541130                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2817765921000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  97833840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  14241170000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                53056080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                28949250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              159634800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              84188160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        191612185440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         75189327570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1694238531750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1961365873050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.573730                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2816383212250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  97833840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15627064000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5861622119                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  769046148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1298329665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1004458875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             478395892                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   18411713                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     87005110                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1004458875                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    478395892                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2138866474                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         694351244                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           753630632                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          391459871                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           737996181                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          279024119                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    330869737                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  244749695                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  86120042                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2896228598.442468                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2965393520.557532                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.505900                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.494100                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        117929116                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1922280      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                756414000     58.26%     58.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 2606581      0.20%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                 11364349      0.88%     59.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              194505344     14.98%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                 647514      0.05%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               244749695     18.85%     93.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               86120042      6.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1298329805                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5856672246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  756693179                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1255937754                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            954146037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             487205648                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17277723                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     85368365                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   954146037                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    487205648                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2008787787                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         642611932                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           776334601                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          398561363                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           715000910                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          274173814                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    315820387                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  234837296                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  80983091                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2949810603.260753                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2906861642.739247                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.496333                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.503667                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        114588321                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1565585      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                724129920     57.66%     57.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2140113      0.17%     57.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8273626      0.66%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              203587522     16.21%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 420642      0.03%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               234837296     18.70%     93.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               80983091      6.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1255937795                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5857573397                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3509878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      7201856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              7074879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1893                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     177489                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       604356                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     7074879                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         1893                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           14026257                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5795877                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                3183                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               1511                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4443827                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2337190                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1579454                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     989440                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    590014                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5843334999.841052                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              14238397.158948                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002431                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997569                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           836402                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                91684      1.27%      1.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  5485493     76.17%     77.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   13533      0.19%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    30348      0.42%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   1434      0.02%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  989440     13.74%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 590014      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   7201946                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5862847502                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2747362                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5820625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5707729                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     149742                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       487594                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5707729                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11249131                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4698306                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3672628                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1839404                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1259610                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     786092                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    473518                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5851655802.996476                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11191699.003523                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.001909                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.998091                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           683942                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                90984      1.56%      1.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4427525     76.07%     77.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   10117      0.17%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    32381      0.56%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  786092     13.51%     91.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 473518      8.14%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5820647                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  875                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 875                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4584                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4584                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              114                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           50                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1320                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   11146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          750                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3851                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          590                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3698                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3052                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3779                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    15494                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3904000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                26996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2077118                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2063112                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1985473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1971476                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              179401                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1914500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2044500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1879000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2046500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1523                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      6238208                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1523                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2882189210                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000269                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2882189002    100.00%    100.00% |         208      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2882189210                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2882189210                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.046134                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.010547                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.875879                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2882185761    100.00%    100.00% |        2612      0.00%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |         212      0.00%    100.00% |         388      0.00%    100.00% |          70      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2882189210                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2882039905                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.042903                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010341                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.653598                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  2869675054     99.57%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |    12364851      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2882039905                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       149305                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.412310                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    51.547493                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    51.706580                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      145856     97.69%     97.69% |        2612      1.75%     99.44% |         167      0.11%     99.55% |         212      0.14%     99.69% |         388      0.26%     99.95% |          70      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       149305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           45                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    330584108                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5149589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    335733697                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1114009197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       836761                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1114845958                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5929496                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        56854                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      5986350                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           179                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    316735289                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4566071                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    321301360                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1097544893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1812705                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1099357598                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      6336687                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        42089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      6378776                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            16                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1538863                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        41898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1580761                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      4517830                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        44495                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4562325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        58955                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27438                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        86393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1230035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        28638                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1258673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3514839                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        33999                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3548838                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        39713                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        22924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62637                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.005946                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        56854                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4        79463                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4       306346                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        11201                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11201                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         7297                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       193685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        56854                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       454832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5721336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2450768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       281088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        89608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        89608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        58376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1549480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       454832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.005180                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        42089                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4        69270                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4       289166                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          462                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1262                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       208462                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        42089                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       336712                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4987440                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2313328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        33264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        10096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1667696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       336712                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.004590                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27438                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4        61021                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4       247588                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          148                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          148                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           76                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       223100                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27438                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       219504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4393512                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1980704                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         5184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1784800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       219504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.003758                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22924                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        38591                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4       260033                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       227617                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22924                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       183392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2778552                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2080264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1820936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       183392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.002779                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44130                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24823                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4        13569                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101916                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1153                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25543                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3483                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3483                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2330                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        69639                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        44130                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       353040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1787256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       976968                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       815328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        83016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        27864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        27864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        18640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       557112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       353040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.002512                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26891                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24641                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101242                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1123                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25361                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3191                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3191                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2068                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        52246                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        26891                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       215128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1774152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       920376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       809936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        80856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        25528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       417968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       215128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.002638                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24510                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12615                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1102                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        63212                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        37984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       303872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1764720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       908280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       805824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        79344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        25328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       505696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       303872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.002661                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40300                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12609                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100367                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25137                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3235                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3235                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        65434                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40300                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       322400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1758024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       907848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       802936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        76392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        25880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        17392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       523472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       322400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.004222                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98391                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101271                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.003686                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       149305                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3           44                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       149961                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4       753693                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4439                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101271                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        13075                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        13075                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       852864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       149305                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      1194440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     10797192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      6029544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       319608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       104600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       104600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        69088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      6822912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      1194440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       448047                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data       745055                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      2261079                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data        13317                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       416811                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      1956259                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       447915                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      3584376                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     53643960                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     18088632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       958824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      3334488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     15650072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      3583320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007265                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        56805                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       135313                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11201                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       193685                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4089960                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1082504                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        89608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1549480                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004627                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        56854                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22658                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       171033                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        11201                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         7297                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        56854                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       454832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1631376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1368264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       281088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        89608                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        58376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       454832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005945                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        42064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       107890                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       208462                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3028608                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       863120                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1667696                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004415                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        42089                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27206                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       181276                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          462                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1262                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        42089                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       336712                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1958832                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1450208                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        33264                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        10096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       336712                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004506                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27422                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          148                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       223100                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1974384                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       464640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1784800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004673                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27438                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        33599                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       189508                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          148                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           76                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27438                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       219504                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2419128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1516064                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         5184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          608                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       219504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004107                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22839                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        48157                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       227617                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1644408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       385256                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1820936                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003409                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22924                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        15752                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       211876                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22924                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       183392                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1134144                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1695008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       183392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001999                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44130                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101916                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1153                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25543                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3483                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2330                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        44130                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       353040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        18432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       815328                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        83016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204344                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        27864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        18640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       353040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003559                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           33                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24823                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        13313                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3483                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        69639                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1787256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       958536                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        27864                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       557112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001686                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26891                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          202                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101242                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1123                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25361                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3191                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2068                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        26891                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       215128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        14544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       809936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        80856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       215128                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003338                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24641                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12581                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3191                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        52246                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1774152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       905832                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        25528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       417968                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001867                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100728                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1102                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        37984                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       303872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       805824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        79344                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201840                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16512                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       303872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003409                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24510                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12423                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        63212                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1764720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       894456                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        25328                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       505696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001900                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40300                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100367                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1061                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25137                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3235                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2174                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40300                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       322400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       802936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        76392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        17392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       322400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003422                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12428                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          720                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         3235                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        65434                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1758024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       894816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5760                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        25880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       523472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007581                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98391                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101271                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       810168                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007265                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        56805                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       135313                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11201                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       193685                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4089960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1082504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        89608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1549480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005945                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        42064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       107890                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       208462                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3028608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       863120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1667696                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004506                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27422                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        58080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          148                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       223100                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1974384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       464640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1784800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.004107                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22839                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        48157                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       227617                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1644408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       385256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      1820936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.001999                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101916                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1153                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25543                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3483                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2330                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        44130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       353040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        18432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       815328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        83016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        27864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        18640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       353040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.001686                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26891                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          202                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1123                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25361                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3191                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2068                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        26891                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       215128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        14544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       809936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        80856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       215128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.001867                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        37984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1102                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25230                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3166                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        37984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       303872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       805824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        79344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        16512                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       303872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.001900                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        40300                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100367                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         1061                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25137                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         3235                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         2174                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        40300                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       322400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       802936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        76392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        25880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        17392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       322400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.007581                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    489496014                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.198819                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.046081                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.842362                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   489493494    100.00%    100.00% |        1831      0.00%    100.00% |         144      0.00%    100.00% |         192      0.00%    100.00% |         296      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     489496014                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    489382082                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.184086                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.045131                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.344236                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   480373254     98.16%     98.16% |           0      0.00%     98.16% |           0      0.00%     98.16% |           0      0.00%     98.16% |           0      0.00%     98.16% |     9008828      1.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    489382082                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       113932                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.482595                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    51.874984                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.064474                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      111412     97.79%     97.79% |        1831      1.61%     99.40% |         144      0.13%     99.52% |         192      0.17%     99.69% |         296      0.26%     99.95% |          57      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       113932                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167359164                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.044009                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009423                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.031660                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167358655    100.00%    100.00% |         414      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167359164                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    167342419                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.037437                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009018                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.610714                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   166715933     99.63%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |           0      0.00%     99.63% |      626486      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    167342419                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16745                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.721469                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    55.916078                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    50.954139                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       16236     96.96%     96.96% |         414      2.47%     99.43% |          15      0.09%     99.52% |          14      0.08%     99.61% |          57      0.34%     99.95% |           9      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16745                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2222314719                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.012499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002954                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.390987                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2222314331    100.00%    100.00% |         336      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2222314719                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2222307091                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.012241                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002940                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.349658                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  2219586759     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |     2720332      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2222307091                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7628                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    76.141846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    61.629790                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.219115                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7240     94.91%     94.91% |         336      4.40%     99.32% |           7      0.09%     99.41% |           6      0.08%     99.49% |          35      0.46%     99.95% |           4      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         7628                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1413653                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.190056                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.026621                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.453710                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1413587    100.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1413653                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1408637                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.055827                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.013477                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.745087                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1400773     99.44%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |        7864      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1408637                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5016                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.885367                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    38.280014                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.720403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4950     98.68%     98.68% |          60      1.20%     99.88% |           5      0.10%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5016                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       802830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.293287                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.031442                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.394139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      796846     99.25%     99.25% |        5872      0.73%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          86      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       802830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       796846                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.016829                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.004044                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.409885                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      795505     99.83%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |        1341      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       796846                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5984                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.107286                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.188742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.561206                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5872     98.13%     98.13% |           0      0.00%     98.13% |          86      1.44%     99.57% |          25      0.42%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5984                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       802830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      802830    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       802830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       802830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      802830    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       802830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2869674946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2869674946    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2869674946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        98560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.079322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.024807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.019175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98310     99.75%     99.75% |         148      0.15%     99.90% |          82      0.08%     99.98% |          20      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        98560                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        98515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.010963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.002632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.330921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       98407     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         108      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        98515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        98515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.007380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.005594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.209593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98362     99.84%     99.84% |          83      0.08%     99.93% |          12      0.01%     99.94% |           6      0.01%     99.95% |          52      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        98515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        98515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.030724                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       98511    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        98515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        98515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     1.050865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.894255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       57237     58.10%     58.10% |       25902     26.29%     84.39% |        3640      3.69%     88.09% |          14      0.01%     88.10% |          12      0.01%     88.11% |           8      0.01%     88.12% |       11701     11.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        98515                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12364959                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999913                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999770                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.029554                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         108      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12364851    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     12364959                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        50745                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.384609                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.508615                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.234824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       47296     93.20%     93.20% |        2612      5.15%     98.35% |         167      0.33%     98.68% |         212      0.42%     99.10% |         388      0.76%     99.86% |          70      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        50745                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        50745                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.010622                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.001905                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.410317                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       50710     99.93%     99.93% |           1      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |          33      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        50745                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        50745                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.011016                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.006701                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.424610                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       50701     99.91%     99.91% |          11      0.02%     99.93% |          25      0.05%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           8      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        50745                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        50745                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000197                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000189                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.020821                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       50745    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        50745                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        50745                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    87.362775                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    81.360994                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    54.241806                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       49769     98.08%     98.08% |         174      0.34%     98.42% |         181      0.36%     98.78% |         250      0.49%     99.27% |         370      0.73%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        50745                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    480373247                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   480373247    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    480373247                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        73756                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.336732                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.330168                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.732918                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       73710     99.94%     99.94% |           3      0.00%     99.94% |          23      0.03%     99.97% |          20      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        73756                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9008835                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999992                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999980                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008815                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           7      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9008828    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9008835                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        40176                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.660867                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   116.857618                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.166531                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       37656     93.73%     93.73% |        1831      4.56%     98.29% |         144      0.36%     98.64% |         192      0.48%     99.12% |         296      0.74%     99.86% |          57      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        40176                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    166715867                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   166715867    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    166715867                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10178                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.643938                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.531070                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.889563                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10023     98.48%     98.48% |         113      1.11%     99.59% |          42      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10178                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       626552                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.998947                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.997222                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.102629                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          66      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |      626486     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       626552                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6567                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   113.337749                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   108.160318                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.065755                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        6058     92.25%     92.25% |         414      6.30%     98.55% |          15      0.23%     98.78% |          14      0.21%     98.99% |          57      0.87%     99.86% |           9      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         6567                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2219586759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2219586759    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   2219586759                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3805                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.173193                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.170101                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.461694                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3785     99.47%     99.47% |          20      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3805                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2720332                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2720332    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2720332                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3823                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.908187                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.174162                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.532681                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3435     89.85%     89.85% |         336      8.79%     98.64% |           7      0.18%     98.82% |           6      0.16%     98.98% |          35      0.92%     99.90% |           4      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3823                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1400773                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1400773    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1400773                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.756112                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.697095                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.074240                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4939     99.80%     99.80% |           5      0.10%     99.90% |           5      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4949                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7864    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           67                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.298507                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   118.912641                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    35.374625                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           1      1.49%      1.49% |          60     89.55%     91.04% |           5      7.46%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |           1      1.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           67                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       795505                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      795505    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       795505                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5872                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.449762                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.346139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.753149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5833     99.34%     99.34% |          27      0.46%     99.80% |          12      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5872                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1341                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1341    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1341                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          112                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.008929                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.664149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.398735                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          86     76.79%     76.79% |          25     22.32%     99.11% |           1      0.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          112                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       802795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      802795    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       802795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           35                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           35                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |        8426     30.23%     30.23% |        4401     15.79%     46.03% |        7721     27.70%     73.73% |        7321     26.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        27869                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       35809     29.45%     29.45% |       22496     18.50%     47.95% |       30276     24.90%     72.85% |       33009     27.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       121590                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |        3483     26.64%     26.64% |        3191     24.41%     51.04% |        3166     24.21%     75.26% |        3235     24.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total        13075                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       17290     31.57%     31.57% |        8524     15.56%     47.13% |       13102     23.92%     71.05% |       15857     28.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        54773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       26840     28.39%     28.39% |       18367     19.43%     47.82% |       24882     26.32%     74.14% |       24443     25.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total        94532                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |         901     25.25%     25.25% |         920     25.78%     51.04% |         863     24.19%     75.22% |         884     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         3568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          14     29.17%     29.17% |          14     29.17%     58.33% |          11     22.92%     81.25% |           9     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           48                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |        1429     28.20%     28.20% |        1148     22.65%     50.85% |        1201     23.70%     74.55% |        1290     25.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total         5068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        1139     25.94%     25.94% |        1109     25.26%     51.20% |        1091     24.85%     76.04% |        1052     23.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         4391                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       24823     25.23%     25.23% |       24641     25.04%     50.27% |       24510     24.91%     75.18% |       24417     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        98391                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       37928     25.54%     25.54% |       37068     24.96%     50.50% |       36789     24.77%     75.28% |       36712     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       148497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       26696     25.25%     25.25% |       26484     25.05%     50.31% |       26332     24.91%     75.22% |       26198     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       105710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |      101916     25.21%     25.21% |      101242     25.04%     50.26% |      100728     24.92%     75.17% |      100367     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total       404253                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         255     30.83%     30.83% |         201     24.30%     55.14% |         192     23.22%     78.36% |         179     21.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          827                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       25543     25.22%     25.22% |       25361     25.04%     50.27% |       25230     24.91%     75.18% |       25137     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total       101271                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          33     75.00%     75.00% |           6     13.64%     88.64% |           2      4.55%     93.18% |           3      6.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        5124     33.41%     33.41% |        1315      8.58%     41.99% |        4293     27.99%     69.98% |        4603     30.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        15335                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        6960     37.26%     37.26% |        1998     10.70%     47.96% |        3601     19.28%     67.23% |        6121     32.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        18680                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |         915     25.30%     25.30% |         934     25.83%     51.13% |         874     24.17%     75.30% |         893     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         3616                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        1493     26.36%     26.36% |        1325     23.39%     49.75% |        1736     30.65%     80.40% |        1110     19.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         5664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       17206     29.24%     29.24% |        9666     16.43%     45.67% |       15929     27.07%     72.75% |       16035     27.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        58836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |        2568     27.15%     27.15% |        2257     23.86%     51.01% |        2292     24.23%     75.24% |        2342     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total         9459                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         208     32.55%     32.55% |         154     24.10%     56.65% |         144     22.54%     79.19% |         133     20.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |          47     25.00%     25.00% |          47     25.00%     50.00% |          48     25.53%     75.53% |          46     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          188                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |           2     20.00%     20.00% |           3     30.00%     50.00% |           3     30.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |         707     25.50%     25.50% |         724     26.11%     51.60% |         668     24.09%     75.69% |         674     24.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         2773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |        1709     25.37%     25.37% |        1756     26.07%     51.44% |        1687     25.04%     76.48% |        1584     23.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total         6736                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |       10895     26.43%     26.43% |       10098     24.49%     50.92% |       10065     24.41%     75.34% |       10168     24.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total        41226                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       24615     25.18%     25.18% |       24487     25.05%     50.23% |       24366     24.93%     75.16% |       24284     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         672     25.00%     25.00% |         672     25.00%     50.00% |         672     25.00%     75.00% |         672     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          95     80.51%     80.51% |           0      0.00%     80.51% |           1      0.85%     81.36% |          22     18.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          33     75.00%     75.00% |           6     13.64%     88.64% |           2      4.55%     93.18% |           3      6.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       16455     31.74%     31.74% |        7794     15.04%     46.78% |       12431     23.98%     70.76% |       15158     29.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        51838                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       26806     28.37%     28.37% |       18361     19.43%     47.80% |       24880     26.33%     74.13% |       24440     25.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total        94487                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          94     80.34%     80.34% |           0      0.00%     80.34% |           1      0.85%     81.20% |          22     18.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          117                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          33     75.00%     75.00% |           6     13.64%     88.64% |           2      4.55%     93.18% |           3      6.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          34     75.56%     75.56% |           6     13.33%     88.89% |           2      4.44%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           45                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          33     75.00%     75.00% |           6     13.64%     88.64% |           2      4.55%     93.18% |           3      6.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |         707     25.50%     25.50% |         724     26.11%     51.60% |         668     24.09%     75.69% |         674     24.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         2773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |       12606     26.28%     26.28% |       11857     24.72%     50.99% |       11755     24.50%     75.50% |       11754     24.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total        47972                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |         707     25.50%     25.50% |         724     26.11%     51.60% |         668     24.09%     75.69% |         674     24.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         2773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        2832     25.00%     25.00% |        2832     25.00%     50.00% |        2832     25.00%     75.00% |        2832     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total        11328                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |          47     25.00%     25.00% |          47     25.00%     50.00% |          48     25.53%     75.53% |          46     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          188                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       24615     25.18%     25.18% |       24487     25.05%     50.23% |       24366     24.93%     75.16% |       24284     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |       98132     25.14%     25.14% |       97732     25.04%     50.18% |       97368     24.94%     75.12% |       97108     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total       390340                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         624     32.55%     32.55% |         462     24.10%     56.65% |         432     22.54%     79.19% |         399     20.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total         1917                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         208     32.55%     32.55% |         154     24.10%     56.65% |         144     22.54%     79.19% |         133     20.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         208     32.55%     32.55% |         154     24.10%     56.65% |         144     22.54%     79.19% |         133     20.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          639                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |         328     49.10%     49.10% |         216     32.34%     81.44% |          96     14.37%     95.81% |          28      4.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total          668                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       24615     25.18%     25.18% |       24487     25.05%     50.23% |       24366     24.93%     75.16% |       24284     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         720     25.00%     25.00% |         720     25.00%     50.00% |         720     25.00%     75.00% |         720     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |           7     23.33%     23.33% |           4     13.33%     36.67% |          11     36.67%     73.33% |           8     26.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |         901     25.25%     25.25% |         920     25.78%     51.04% |         863     24.19%     75.22% |         884     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         3568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          14     29.17%     29.17% |          14     29.17%     58.33% |          11     22.92%     81.25% |           9     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           48                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |        1429     28.20%     28.20% |        1148     22.65%     50.85% |        1201     23.70%     74.55% |        1290     25.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total         5068                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        1139     25.94%     25.94% |        1109     25.26%     51.20% |        1091     24.85%     76.04% |        1052     23.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total         4391                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          14     29.17%     29.17% |          14     29.17%     58.33% |          11     22.92%     81.25% |           9     18.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           48                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |       25962     25.26%     25.26% |       25750     25.05%     50.31% |       25601     24.91%     75.22% |       25469     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       102782                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       98391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        98391                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       98391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          98391                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       98391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        98391                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       98391    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        98391                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   248576344     50.78%     50.78% |   239264900     48.88%     99.66% |      924489      0.19%     99.85% |      730310      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    489496043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1114845959     50.17%     50.17% |  1099357598     49.47%     99.64% |     4562325      0.21%     99.84% |     3548838      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2222314720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    87157384     51.16%     51.16% |    82036460     48.15%     99.30% |      656273      0.39%     99.69% |      528363      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    170378480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       16802     88.16%     88.16% |        2033     10.67%     98.83% |         219      1.15%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        19058                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     5973827     47.94%     47.94% |     6367267     51.09%     99.03% |       72829      0.58%     99.61% |       48200      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     12462123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     5096238     52.84%     52.84% |     4525978     46.93%     99.77% |       15957      0.17%     99.93% |        6455      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      9644628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      833309     30.63%     30.63% |     1810718     66.56%     97.20% |       43027      1.58%     98.78% |       33278      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      2720332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     5929547     47.95%     47.95% |     6336696     51.25%     99.20% |       58984      0.48%     99.68% |       39733      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     12364960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       19112     20.17%     20.17% |       24905     26.28%     46.45% |       24608     25.97%     72.42% |       26130     27.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total        94755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      174573     23.03%     23.03% |      183557     24.21%     47.24% |      198492     26.18%     73.42% |      201487     26.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total       758109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           6     13.64%     13.64% |          20     45.45%     59.09% |           7     15.91%     75.00% |          11     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |      123829     38.29%     38.29% |       99922     30.90%     69.19% |       55379     17.12%     86.31% |       44271     13.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       323401                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       11484     44.10%     44.10% |        7968     30.60%     74.70% |        2701     10.37%     85.08% |        3886     14.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        26039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        9077     50.59%     50.59% |        2810     15.66%     66.25% |        3121     17.39%     83.64% |        2935     16.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        17943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       21999     42.31%     42.31% |       11020     21.19%     63.50% |        7650     14.71%     78.21% |       11331     21.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        52000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       25729     32.49%     32.49% |       28234     35.65%     68.15% |       16651     21.03%     89.17% |        8573     10.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total        79187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       11201     85.67%     85.67% |        1724     13.19%     98.85% |         148      1.13%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total        13075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       24489     44.76%     44.76% |       11055     20.21%     64.97% |        7755     14.18%     79.15% |       11409     20.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        54708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       32365     34.21%     34.21% |       31034     32.81%     67.02% |       19683     20.81%     87.83% |       11515     12.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total        94597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       41889     36.77%     36.77% |       34382     30.18%     66.94% |       19953     17.51%     84.46% |       17708     15.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       113932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3452     45.25%     45.25% |        1987     26.05%     71.30% |        1468     19.24%     90.55% |         721      9.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         7628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        7349     40.12%     40.12% |        3913     21.36%     61.49% |        4268     23.30%     84.79% |        2786     15.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        18316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       13470     24.95%     24.95% |       15685     29.05%     54.00% |       11558     21.41%     75.40% |       13282     24.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total        53995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      154744     23.66%     23.66% |      152808     23.37%     47.03% |      166800     25.51%     72.54% |      179563     27.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       653915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    82673970     61.83%     61.83% |    50754373     37.96%     99.79% |      149075      0.11%     99.90% |      131459      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    133708877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    87703248      8.06%      8.06% |   993475578     91.34%     99.40% |     3903660      0.36%     99.76% |     2626038      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1087708524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4066     44.37%     44.37% |        1773     19.35%     63.72% |        1704     18.59%     82.31% |        1621     17.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |        5601     93.62%     93.62% |         309      5.16%     98.78% |          71      1.19%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         5983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |     3423917     57.37%     57.37% |     2471861     41.42%     98.78% |       45118      0.76%     99.54% |       27610      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total      5968506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     3260441     77.15%     77.15% |      958044     22.67%     99.82% |        5642      0.13%     99.95% |        2106      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      4226233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      144548      8.45%      8.45% |     1509174     88.26%     96.71% |       34680      2.03%     98.74% |       21534      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1709936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        1474      7.47%      7.47% |        6253     31.67%     39.14% |        3582     18.14%     57.28% |        8435     42.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        19744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        1345      5.17%      5.17% |        6530     25.08%     30.24% |        7568     29.06%     59.31% |       10596     40.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        26039                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |    32270254     99.87%     99.87% |        4286      0.01%     99.88% |       16495      0.05%     99.93% |       21842      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total     32312877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |   961841524     99.83%     99.83% |      265582      0.03%     99.86% |      492022      0.05%     99.91% |      870434      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total    963469562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          47     30.13%     30.13% |          25     16.03%     46.15% |          16     10.26%     56.41% |          68     43.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          156                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |        3373     93.28%     93.28% |         193      5.34%     98.62% |          50      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         3616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |     1066530     97.76%     97.76% |        1495      0.14%     97.90% |        8851      0.81%     98.71% |       14113      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total      1090989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      467757     99.20%     99.20% |         638      0.14%     99.33% |        1156      0.25%     99.58% |        1996      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       471547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      597972     96.77%     96.77% |         629      0.10%     96.88% |        7579      1.23%     98.10% |       11728      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       617908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        2387     15.74%     15.74% |        1710     11.28%     27.02% |        7737     51.02%     78.04% |        3330     21.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        15164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        3790     20.29%     20.29% |        2205     11.80%     32.09% |        9885     52.92%     85.01% |        2800     14.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        18680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    23544650     21.41%     21.41% |    86238130     78.43%     99.84% |      103610      0.09%     99.93% |       73266      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    109959656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    64463496     38.28%     38.28% |   103802487     61.64%     99.92% |      121180      0.07%     99.99% |       17759      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    168404922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        5383     31.87%     31.87% |        6380     37.77%     69.64% |        3203     18.96%     88.61% |        1924     11.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        16890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        4123     78.61%     78.61% |        1083     20.65%     99.26% |          38      0.72%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total         5245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |     1052638     23.58%     23.58% |     3404211     76.27%     99.86% |        4683      0.10%     99.96% |        1644      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      4463176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      948724     23.50%     23.50% |     3085909     76.45%     99.96% |        1185      0.03%     99.99% |         449      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      4036267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       90789     23.13%     23.13% |      300915     76.67%     99.80% |         768      0.20%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       392488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |          87     10.05%     10.05% |         256     29.56%     39.61% |         184     21.25%     60.85% |         339     39.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        5020     15.09%     15.09% |       15231     45.77%     60.86% |        8868     26.65%     87.51% |        4156     12.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        33275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           8     80.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |   105254992     51.50%     51.50% |    98031570     47.96%     99.46% |      623207      0.30%     99.76% |      480828      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    204390597                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    86833983     51.17%     51.17% |    81699960     48.14%     99.32% |      641709      0.38%     99.69% |      520510      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    169696162                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |        3705     87.92%     87.92% |         448     10.63%     98.55% |          60      1.42%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |      430742     45.85%     45.85% |      489700     52.13%     97.98% |       14177      1.51%     99.49% |        4833      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total       939452                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      419316     46.05%     46.05% |      481387     52.87%     98.92% |        7974      0.88%     99.79% |        1904      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       910581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        1694     33.98%     33.98% |        1001     20.08%     54.05% |        1547     31.03%     85.08% |         744     14.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         4986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        9674     36.92%     36.92% |        6783     25.89%     62.81% |        5371     20.50%     83.31% |        4372     16.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        26200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           5     14.71%     14.71% |          12     35.29%     50.00% |           7     20.59%     70.59% |          10     29.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |     3260392     77.15%     77.15% |      958035     22.67%     99.82% |        5613      0.13%     99.95% |        2103      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total      4226143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |      144548      8.45%      8.45% |     1509174     88.26%     96.71% |       34680      2.03%     98.74% |       21534      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total      1709936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          49     54.44%     54.44% |           9     10.00%     64.44% |          29     32.22%     96.67% |           3      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           90                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |      467755     99.20%     99.20% |         638      0.14%     99.34% |        1156      0.25%     99.58% |        1979      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total       471528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |      597972     96.77%     96.77% |         629      0.10%     96.88% |        7579      1.23%     98.10% |       11728      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total       617908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           2     10.53%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |           0      0.00%     10.53% |          17     89.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |      948620     23.51%     23.51% |     3085883     76.47%     99.97% |         627      0.02%     99.99% |         443      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      4035573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |       90789     23.13%     23.13% |      300915     76.67%     99.80% |         768      0.20%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total       392488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         104     14.99%     14.99% |          26      3.75%     18.73% |         558     80.40%     99.14% |           6      0.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      113478     41.18%     41.18% |      157507     57.15%     98.33% |        3947      1.43%     99.76% |         652      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       275584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |      305838     48.16%     48.16% |      323880     51.00%     99.17% |        4027      0.63%     99.80% |        1252      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       634997                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       12685     41.01%     41.01% |        7248     23.43%     64.44% |        6686     21.61%     86.05% |        4315     13.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        30934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2461     41.60%     41.60% |         992     16.77%     58.37% |        1233     20.84%     79.21% |        1230     20.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         5916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        4888     39.42%     39.42% |        2921     23.56%     62.98% |        3035     24.48%     87.45% |        1556     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        12400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3526     39.52%     39.52% |        1366     15.31%     54.84% |        2694     30.20%     85.04% |        1335     14.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         8921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4115     44.47%     44.47% |        1782     19.26%     63.72% |        1733     18.73%     82.45% |        1624     17.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         9254                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         147     28.00%     28.00% |          75     14.29%     42.29% |          48      9.14%     51.43% |         255     48.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          49     28.00%     28.00% |          25     14.29%     42.29% |          16      9.14%     51.43% |          85     48.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        7612     47.94%     47.94% |        3465     21.82%     69.76% |        1319      8.31%     78.07% |        3482     21.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        15878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        6576     43.35%     43.35% |        2774     18.29%     61.63% |        2966     19.55%     81.19% |        2854     18.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        15170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          54      5.76%      5.76% |          70      7.47%     13.23% |         788     84.10%     97.33% |          25      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           8     72.73%     72.73% |           2     18.18%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        4145     15.10%     15.10% |        3334     12.14%     27.24% |       16845     61.35%     88.59% |        3134     11.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        27458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       20833     31.20%     31.20% |       25311     37.90%     69.10% |       13616     20.39%     89.49% |        7016     10.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        66776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         553     27.96%     27.96% |         492     24.87%     52.83% |         758     38.32%     91.15% |         175      8.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        2034     33.00%     33.00% |        1242     20.15%     53.15% |        2430     39.42%     92.57% |         458      7.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         6164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        4896     39.45%     39.45% |        2923     23.55%     63.00% |        3035     24.45%     87.45% |        1557     12.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        12411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       68536     36.06%     36.06% |       77843     40.95%     77.01% |       17666      9.29%     86.30% |       26039     13.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total       190084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        6719     65.13%     65.13% |        1102     10.68%     75.81% |        1441     13.97%     89.78% |        1054     10.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        10316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        2501     90.19%     90.19% |          36      1.30%     91.49% |         155      5.59%     97.08% |          81      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         2773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       21999     42.31%     42.31% |       11020     21.19%     63.50% |        7650     14.71%     78.21% |       11331     21.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        52000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       20841     31.21%     31.21% |       25313     37.90%     69.11% |       13616     20.39%     89.49% |        7017     10.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total        66787                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         261     84.19%     84.19% |          26      8.39%     92.58% |          18      5.81%     98.39% |           5      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         929     24.77%     24.77% |        1246     33.22%     57.98% |         968     25.81%     83.79% |         608     16.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         3751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |       25144     57.89%     57.89% |        5349     12.31%     70.20% |        7691     17.71%     87.91% |        5253     12.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        43437                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        4765     30.31%     30.31% |        6866     43.67%     73.97% |        1260      8.01%     81.99% |        2832     18.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        15723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       24489     44.76%     44.76% |       11055     20.21%     64.97% |        7755     14.18%     79.15% |       11409     20.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        54708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          11     16.92%     16.92% |           1      1.54%     18.46% |          50     76.92%     95.38% |           3      4.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |          15    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |        3373     93.28%     93.28% |         193      5.34%     98.62% |          50      1.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         3616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |        7828     82.76%     82.76% |        1531     16.19%     98.94% |          98      1.04%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total         9459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     3404989     57.36%     57.36% |     2467218     41.56%     98.92% |       40322      0.68%     99.60% |       23640      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      5936169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1065729     97.82%     97.82% |        1267      0.12%     97.94% |        8735      0.80%     98.74% |       13724      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1089455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1039513     23.47%     23.47% |     3386824     76.47%     99.95% |        1953      0.04%     99.99% |         465      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      4428755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      419316     46.05%     46.05% |      481387     52.87%     98.92% |        7974      0.88%     99.79% |        1904      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       910581                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.957600                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2957599745500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56108090566501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 117689                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   197510                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              224887815                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2112328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 13151.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1547786117                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2597543043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3428224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3428224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1912128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1912128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        53566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              53566                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        29877                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             29877                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1159124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1159124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       646513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              646513                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1805637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1805637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      53566                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     29877                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    53566                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   29877                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3418304                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   9920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                1904576                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3428224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             1912128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   155                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                  103                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             5279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             3129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            3015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 2957600224000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                53566                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               29877                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  53172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        19522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   272.660588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   143.720457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   343.875288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10397     53.26%     53.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3793     19.43%     72.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          876      4.49%     77.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          522      2.67%     79.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          440      2.25%     82.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          275      1.41%     83.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          263      1.35%     84.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          279      1.43%     86.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2677     13.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        19522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.773414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   160.749604                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         1633     98.67%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           15      0.91%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            5      0.30%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1655                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.981269                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.979998                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.206338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              17      1.03%      1.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            1635     98.79%     99.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               3      0.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   368475992                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             1369932242                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 267055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     6898.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25648.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   38152                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  25496                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                71.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               85.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  35444557.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   76.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                79576560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                43419750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              229171800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              98366400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        193425201840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         79803942975                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1706845420500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1980525099825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.776661                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2837626002000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  98760740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  21212534250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                80506440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                43927125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              220404600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              94471920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        193425201840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         80255166660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1706449610250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          1980569288835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.791582                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2836688479000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  98760740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  22150057250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3365760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3365760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1889728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1889728                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        52590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              52590                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        29527                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             29527                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1138004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1138004                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       638940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              638940                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1776944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1776944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      52590                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     29527                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    52590                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   29527                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3358720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   7040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                1885120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3365760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             1889728                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   110                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   54                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             5217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 2957596766000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                52590                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               29527                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  52220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  1623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        18895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   277.528658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   145.340689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   347.657909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10085     53.37%     53.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3526     18.66%     72.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          878      4.65%     76.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          455      2.41%     79.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          447      2.37%     81.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          287      1.52%     82.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          287      1.52%     84.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          274      1.45%     85.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2656     14.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        18895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.594628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   158.361793                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         1617     98.72%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           15      0.92%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      0.24%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1638                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.982295                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.980876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.218964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              17      1.04%      1.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.18%      1.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            1610     98.29%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               8      0.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   345589743                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             1329589743                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 262400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     6585.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25335.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     22.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   37694                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  25347                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                71.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               86.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  36016863.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                76356000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                41662500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              224421600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              96908400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        193425201840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         79495820640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1707115703250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1980476074230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.760106                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2838074616250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  98760740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20761411250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                79047360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                43131000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              217908600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              93960000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        193425201840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         79952903640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1706714753250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          1980526905690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.777270                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2837177799250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  98760740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21660737000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3344640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           3344640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1881088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        1881088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        52260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              52260                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        29392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             29392                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1130863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1130863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       636018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              636018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1766881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1766881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      52260                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     29392                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    52260                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   29392                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               3339840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   4800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                1878144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                3344640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             1881088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    75                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                   21                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             5184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             1806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             2016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             1986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            1959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            1704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            1820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            1956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2              680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10             667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11             332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 2957596155000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                52260                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               29392                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  51950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    234                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                  1609                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                  1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                  1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                  1634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                  1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                  1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                  1635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                  1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                  1634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                  1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                  1634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                  1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                  1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                  1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                  1633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                  1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                  1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                  1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        18530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   281.603454                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   147.277717                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   350.809528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9748     52.61%     52.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3497     18.87%     71.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          929      5.01%     76.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          414      2.23%     78.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          437      2.36%     81.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          270      1.46%     82.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          266      1.44%     83.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          270      1.46%     85.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2699     14.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        18530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.499387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   158.597644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         1614     98.90%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           13      0.80%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.12%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3840-4095            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         1632                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.981618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.980043                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.231552                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16              17      1.04%      1.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               7      0.43%      1.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18            1598     97.92%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19               9      0.55%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         1632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   351052995                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             1329521745                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 260925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     6727.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               25477.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.64                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     21.80                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   37647                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  25355                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                72.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               86.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  36221968.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   77.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                74481120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                40639500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy              222612000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              96318720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        193425201840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         79088083110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        1707473367750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          1980420704040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.741409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2838647738500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  98760740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20188430000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                78177960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                42656625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy              217269000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              93843360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        193425201840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         79997513265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        1706675622000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          1980530284050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.778411                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2837094395750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  98760740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21744140500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3329536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           3329536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1869440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        1869440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        52024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              52024                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        29210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             29210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1125756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1125756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       632080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              632080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1757836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             1757836                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      52024                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     29210                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    52024                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   29210                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               3325888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   3648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                1867840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                3329536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             1869440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    57                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    7                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             5168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             1846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             1549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             1983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             1967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            1994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            1637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            1805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2              687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10             676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11             328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 2957594597500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                52024                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               29210                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  51738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                  1596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                  1599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                  1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                  1626                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                  1628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                  1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                  1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                  1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                  1624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                  1624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                  1624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                  1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                  1624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                  1624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                  1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                  1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                  1625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                  1624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        18351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   283.028500                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   148.020965                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   351.280002                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9630     52.48%     52.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3484     18.99%     71.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          836      4.56%     76.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          467      2.54%     78.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          450      2.45%     81.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          258      1.41%     82.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          261      1.42%     83.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          298      1.62%     85.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2667     14.53%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        18351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.540025                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   154.057757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         1607     98.95%     98.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           10      0.62%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      0.25%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3328-3583            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::4608-4863            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         1624                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.971059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.968947                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.266928                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16              26      1.60%      1.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.18%      1.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18            1588     97.78%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               6      0.37%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         1624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   342128997                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             1316510247                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 259835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     6583.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               25333.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   37500                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  25302                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                72.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               86.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  36408333.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   77.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                73747800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                40239375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy              221637000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              95418000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        193425201840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         79274410695                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        1707309922500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          1980440577210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.748119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2838382839500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  98760740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  20453478000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                77316120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                42186375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy              216364200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              93700800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        193425201840                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         79973382600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        1706696789250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          1980524941185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.776607                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 2837076764250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  98760740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  21761772000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      5912821246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  769687746                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   1299598908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           1005701738                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses             478403344                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                   18448464                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     87087545                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  1005701738                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                    478403344                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads         2141422750                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         695339858                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads           753642944                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes          391465843                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads           738593734                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes          279398339                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                    331195983                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  244946137                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                  86249846                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2946533314.339452                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2966287931.660548                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.501670                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.498330                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        118062822                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1933797      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                757338813     58.27%     58.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 2607410      0.20%     58.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                 11364598      0.87%     59.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd              194511056     14.97%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                 647514      0.05%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               244946137     18.85%     93.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite               86249846      6.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                1299599171                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      5914970838                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  759585506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1261401383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            959545861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             487221741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   17379655                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     85807655                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   959545861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    487221741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         2019433880                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         646924265                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           776360724                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          398574088                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           717906428                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          276089350                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    317013824                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  235529403                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  81484421                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2994229236.145844                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2920741601.854156                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.493788                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.506212                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        115199410                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1587917      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                728358944     57.74%     57.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 2143215      0.17%     58.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  8277594      0.66%     58.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              203599550     16.14%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 420642      0.03%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               235529403     18.67%     93.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               81484421      6.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1261401734                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      5913798694                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   12570981                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                     24708767                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses             23435489                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses               1347691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     482956                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts      1763175                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                    23435489                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                      1347691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           47013462                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes          18731237                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads             2162542                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes            1153397                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads            13358873                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            7709160                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      5602179                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    3308565                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                   2293614                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              5859307741.282556                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              54490952.717444                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.009214                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.990786                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                          2443131                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               173246      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                 17858897     72.28%     72.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   18574      0.08%     73.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    31352      0.13%     73.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                1024772      4.15%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 3308565     13.39%     90.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                2293614      9.28%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                  24709036                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      5920030127                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    4367101                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      8903392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              8736261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3603                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     226600                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       708838                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     8736261                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         3603                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           17409968                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           7145409                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                5686                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               2788                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             5256912                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2900622                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1992821                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    1240206                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    752615                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              5900706729.510079                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              19323397.489921                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.003264                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.996736                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          1006396                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               108578      1.22%      1.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  6753088     75.85%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   11995      0.13%     77.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    34540      0.39%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2596      0.03%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 1240206     13.93%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 752615      8.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   8903650                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7997                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7997                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                9527                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               9527                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               986                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              986                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1900                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5302                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1060                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         8392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1104                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         9564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   37020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          236                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8342                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          796                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         3376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          227                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8467                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         6280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         4196                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        15244                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         4412                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2126                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11166                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    47019                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              7167983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8363500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2980115                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2987102                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2947462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2887970                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1442399                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             3959500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             4112000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy            11915500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             7591000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1523                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      6238208                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1523                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5790258317                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000446                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5790257165    100.00%    100.00% |        1152      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5790258317                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5790258317                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.047590                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.010626                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         0.966556                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5790247432    100.00%    100.00% |        8427      0.00%    100.00% |         439      0.00%    100.00% |         561      0.00%    100.00% |        1194      0.00%    100.00% |         264      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5790258317                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5789844390                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.042893                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.010338                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.653518                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  5765010254     99.57%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |    24834135      0.43%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5789844390                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       413927                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    66.748134                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.454511                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.704870                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      403042     97.37%     97.37% |        8427      2.04%     99.41% |         439      0.11%     99.51% |         561      0.14%     99.65% |        1194      0.29%     99.94% |         264      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       413927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          998                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits    330900032                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5161222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    336061254                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits   1114843597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       842508                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1115686105                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      5939759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        63971                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      6003730                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           266                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    317899185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      4604845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    322504030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits   1101337563                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses      1839381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses   1103176944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      6376516                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        67710                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      6444226                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           147                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      5493020                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses       115973                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5608993                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits     17302068                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        63857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses     17365925                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        90416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        89414                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       179830                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           258                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1937290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        57170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1994460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      5622445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        48951                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5671396                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        62594                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       106121                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.007725                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2        63971                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::3          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::4       101473                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::4       414665                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4164                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12412                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12412                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       301126                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        63971                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       511768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7306056                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3317320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       299808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        99296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        99296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        65984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2409008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       511768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     0.007981                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Request_Control::3          266                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::4       107737                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Control::4       427575                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2862                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        11688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8826                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       297565                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        67710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       541680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      7757064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3420600                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       206064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        93504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        93504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        70608                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2380520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       541680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.009660                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2        89414                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::3           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::4       136609                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::4       450217                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         9490                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24983                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24983                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        15493                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       276165                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        89414                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       715312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      9835848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3601736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       683280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       199864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       199864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       123944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2209320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       715312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.006068                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43527                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::3          346                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::4        70178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::4       393756                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       321755                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        43527                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       348216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5052816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      3150048                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         6408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2574040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       348216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.003956                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        74259                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::3          633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24825                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::4        29209                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::4       102050                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4300                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25577                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8534                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        99202                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        74259                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       594072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         5064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1787400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2103048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       816400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       309600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       102672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       102672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        68272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       793616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       594072                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.003643                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::3          284                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24641                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101370                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4134                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25393                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12183                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12183                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8049                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        79413                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       434432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1774152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2037960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       810960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       297648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       203144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        97464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        97464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        64392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       635304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       434432                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003776                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        66170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24510                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28086                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4130                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25262                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12145                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12145                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8015                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        91409                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        66170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       529360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1764720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2022192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       806848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       297360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        97160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        97160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        64120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       731272                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       529360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.003807                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27921                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100495                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4041                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25169                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12060                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12060                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        95046                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        69889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       559112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1758024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2010312                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       803960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       290952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        96480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        96480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        64152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       760368                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       559112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.004184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98393                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101401                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.005431                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2       264622                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::3          951                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::4       264760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::4      1045492                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5        16605                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101401                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        49222                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        49222                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        32617                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1196611                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5       264622                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2      2116976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         7608                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     19062720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      8363936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5      1195560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       393776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       393776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       260936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      9572888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5      2116976                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       796719                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1089457                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      3136476                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data        49815                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       706410                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control      2758292                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control       793866                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      6373752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     78440904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     25091808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data      3586680                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      5651280                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control     22066336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control      6350928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008787                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        63876                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       150875                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12412                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       301126                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4599072                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1207000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        99296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2409008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006663                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        63971                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37597                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       263790                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4164                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12412                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8248                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        63971                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       511768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2706984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2110320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       299808                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        99296                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        65984                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       511768                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009193                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          266                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        67569                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       169912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       297565                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2128                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4864968                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1359296                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        93504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2380520                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006770                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        40168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       257663                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         2862                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        11688                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8826                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        67710                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       541680                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2892096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2061304                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       206064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        93504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        70608                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       541680                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.011206                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        89234                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       221349                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24983                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       276165                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6424848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1770792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       199864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2209320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008114                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        89414                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        47375                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       228868                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         9490                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        24983                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5        15493                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        89414                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       715312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3411000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1830944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       683280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       199864                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5       123944                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       715312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006847                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          346                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        43248                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        98585                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       321755                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2768                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3113856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       788680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2574040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        43527                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26930                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       295171                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5           50                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        43527                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       348216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1938960                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      2361368                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5         6408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5          400                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       348216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002862                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        74259                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          258                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       102050                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4300                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25577                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8534                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        74259                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       594072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        18576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       816400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       309600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204616                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       102672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        68272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       594072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005050                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          633                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24825                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28951                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12834                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        99202                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         5064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1787400                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2084472                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       102672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       793616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002490                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          202                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101370                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4134                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25393                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12183                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8049                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       434432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        14544                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       810960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       297648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       203144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        97464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        64392                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       434432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004796                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          284                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24641                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28103                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12183                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        79413                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1774152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2023416                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        97464                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       635304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        66170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100856                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4130                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25262                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12145                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8015                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        66170                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       529360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       806848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       297360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        97160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        64120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       529360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004869                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24510                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27894                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12145                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        91409                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1764720                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2008368                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        97160                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       731272                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002735                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100495                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4041                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25169                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12060                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        69889                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       559112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       803960                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       290952                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        96480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        64152                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       559112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        24417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27740                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          752                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12060                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        95046                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1758024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1997280                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         6016                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        96480                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       760368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007511                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98393                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000857                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       101401                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       811208                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008787                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          261                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        63876                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       150875                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        12412                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       301126                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4599072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1207000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        99296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2409008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009193                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          266                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        67569                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       169912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        11688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       297565                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4864968                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1359296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        93504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2380520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.011206                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           78                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        89234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4       221349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3        24983                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       276165                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      6424848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4      1770792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3       199864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2209320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.006847                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3          346                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        43248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        98585                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       321755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3113856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       788680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         1112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3      2574040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.002862                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        74259                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          258                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       102050                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4300                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25577                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8534                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        74259                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       594072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        18576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       816400                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       309600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       204616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2       102672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        68272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       594072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.002490                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          202                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       101370                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12183                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8049                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        54304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       434432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        14544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       810960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       297648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       203144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        97464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        64392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       434432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.002684                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        66170                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::4          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25262                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12145                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8015                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        66170                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       529360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        13824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       806848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       297360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       202096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        97160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        64120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       529360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.002735                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        69889                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::4          181                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::4       100495                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         4041                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        25169                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2        12060                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         8019                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        69889                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       559112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        13032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       803960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       290952                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       201352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        96480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5        64152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       559112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.007511                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        98393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      7084296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    982516538                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.204124                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.046327                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.007528                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   982509493    100.00%    100.00% |        5149      0.00%    100.00% |         352      0.00%    100.00% |         481      0.00%    100.00% |         863      0.00%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     982516538                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    982215647                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.183803                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.045060                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.343222                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   964162243     98.16%     98.16% |           0      0.00%     98.16% |           0      0.00%     98.16% |           0      0.00%     98.16% |           0      0.00%     98.16% |    18053403      1.84%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    982215647                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       300891                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    67.540644                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.740835                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.557171                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      293846     97.66%     97.66% |        5149      1.71%     99.37% |         352      0.12%     99.49% |         481      0.16%     99.65% |         863      0.29%     99.93% |         200      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       300891                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    337286021                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.049042                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009724                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.278268                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337283848    100.00%    100.00% |        1824      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     337286021                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    337229625                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.037529                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.009040                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.611456                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   335964045     99.62%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |     1265580      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    337229625                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        56396                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    69.895170                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    58.286507                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.877546                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       54223     96.15%     96.15% |        1824      3.23%     99.38% |          53      0.09%     99.48% |          50      0.09%     99.56% |         203      0.36%     99.92% |          43      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        56396                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4464215089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.012799                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002982                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.427048                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4464213567    100.00%    100.00% |        1325      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4464215089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4464187650                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.012310                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002956                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.350634                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  4458692432     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |     5495218      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4464187650                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        27439                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    80.707460                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    65.919812                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.596825                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       25917     94.45%     94.45% |        1325      4.83%     99.28% |          29      0.11%     99.39% |          26      0.09%     99.48% |         121      0.44%     99.92% |          21      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        27439                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2946931                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.216657                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.029217                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.695776                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     2946702     99.99%     99.99% |         199      0.01%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      2946931                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2934344                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.055583                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.013417                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.743466                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     2918034     99.44%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |       16310      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2934344                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.766982                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.915914                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.510563                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12358     98.18%     98.18% |         199      1.58%     99.76% |          27      0.21%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12587                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1646869                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.414003                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.042789                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.494495                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1646076     99.95%     99.95% |         678      0.04%     99.99% |         100      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1646869                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1630255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.022230                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.005345                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.470959                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1626631     99.78%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |        3624      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1630255                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16614                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    39.856928                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.721490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.084491                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       15821     95.23%     95.23% |         678      4.08%     99.31% |         100      0.60%     99.91% |           2      0.01%     99.92% |           1      0.01%     99.93% |           1      0.01%     99.93% |           1      0.01%     99.94% |           3      0.02%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        16614                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1646869                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1646869    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1646869                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1646869                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1646869    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1646869                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5765009336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5765009336    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   5765009336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       250494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.089771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.017406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.470346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      250467     99.99%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          19      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       250494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       249496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.029820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.007314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.542020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      248708     99.68%     99.68% |          55      0.02%     99.71% |           0      0.00%     99.71% |           0      0.00%     99.71% |           0      0.00%     99.71% |         733      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       249496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       249496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.017339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.009299                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.806805                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |      249296     99.92%     99.92% |         174      0.07%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          16      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       249496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       249496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.041074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      249482     99.99%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       249496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       249496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.959542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.784585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      147321     59.05%     59.05% |       67126     26.90%     85.95% |        9425      3.78%     89.73% |          65      0.03%     89.76% |          50      0.02%     89.78% |          27      0.01%     89.79% |       25480     10.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       249496                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24835054                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999630                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999025                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.060797                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         918      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    24834135    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     24835054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       163433                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.803657                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   111.999179                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.718776                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      152551     93.34%     93.34% |        8424      5.15%     98.50% |         439      0.27%     98.76% |         561      0.34%     99.11% |        1194      0.73%     99.84% |         264      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       163433                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       163433                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.020950                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.004474                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.512833                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      163144     99.82%     99.82% |           2      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |         195      0.12%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          92      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       163433                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       163433                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.011613                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.006954                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.450537                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      163297     99.92%     99.92% |          44      0.03%     99.94% |          61      0.04%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          31      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       163433                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       163433                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000545                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000516                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.038872                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      163429    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       163433                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       163433                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    83.770548                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    77.858944                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    53.727176                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      160563     98.24%     98.24% |         510      0.31%     98.56% |         460      0.28%     98.84% |         693      0.42%     99.26% |        1204      0.74%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       163433                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    964162218                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   964162218    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    964162218                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       178638                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.450716                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.415233                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.901113                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      178613     99.99%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |          19      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       178638                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18053429                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999986                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999964                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.011770                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          25      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    18053403    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     18053429                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       122253                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.353382                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   112.602419                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.618802                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      115211     94.24%     94.24% |        5146      4.21%     98.45% |         352      0.29%     98.74% |         481      0.39%     99.13% |         863      0.71%     99.84% |         200      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       122253                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    335963253                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   335963253    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    335963253                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        31431                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.987751                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.852663                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.209110                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30555     97.21%     97.21% |         490      1.56%     98.77% |         385      1.22%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        31431                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1266372                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.993746                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.983516                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.250004                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         792      0.06%      0.06% |           0      0.00%      0.06% |           0      0.00%      0.06% |           0      0.00%      0.06% |           0      0.00%      0.06% |     1265580     99.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1266372                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        24965                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   112.584699                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   107.467281                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.076371                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       22792     91.30%     91.30% |        1824      7.31%     98.60% |          53      0.21%     98.81% |          50      0.20%     99.01% |         203      0.81%     99.83% |          43      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        24965                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4458692432                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4458692432    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   4458692432                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12249                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.261327                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.257693                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.498077                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12198     99.58%     99.58% |          51      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12249                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5495218                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5495218    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5495218                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15190                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   118.967347                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.449106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.087919                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       13668     89.98%     89.98% |        1325      8.72%     98.70% |          29      0.19%     98.89% |          26      0.17%     99.07% |         121      0.80%     99.86% |          21      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15190                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2918034                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2918034    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2918034                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12357                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    37.186696                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.105429                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.433717                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12332     99.80%     99.80% |          13      0.11%     99.90% |          11      0.09%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        12357                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        16310                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       16310    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        16310                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          230                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.669565                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   121.057194                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    30.130784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           2      0.87%      0.87% |         198     86.09%     86.96% |          27     11.74%     98.70% |           0      0.00%     98.70% |           1      0.43%     99.13% |           2      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          230                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1626631                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1626631    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1626631                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15819                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.757570                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.650904                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.822579                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       15780     99.75%     99.75% |          38      0.24%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        15819                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.426415                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.999642                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.220174                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           3      0.38%      0.38% |         677     85.16%     85.53% |         100     12.58%     98.11% |           2      0.25%     98.36% |           1      0.13%     98.49% |           1      0.13%     98.62% |           1      0.13%     98.74% |           3      0.38%     99.12% |           2      0.25%     99.37% |           5      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1646768                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1646768    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1646768                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          101                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         101    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          101                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |       17178     29.56%     29.56% |       11226     19.32%     48.88% |       14786     25.45%     74.33% |       14917     25.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total        58107                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |       57221     27.66%     27.66% |       43115     20.84%     48.51% |       51478     24.89%     73.40% |       55024     26.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total       206838                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |       12834     26.07%     26.07% |       12183     24.75%     50.82% |       12145     24.67%     75.50% |       12060     24.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total        49222                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       25044     29.67%     29.67% |       15895     18.83%     48.51% |       20357     24.12%     72.62% |       23105     27.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        84401                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |       49215     27.31%     27.31% |       38409     21.31%     48.62% |       45813     25.42%     74.04% |       46784     25.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total       180221                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        3078     25.30%     25.30% |        3077     25.29%     50.60% |        3040     24.99%     75.59% |        2970     24.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total        12165                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          98     33.45%     33.45% |          54     18.43%     51.88% |         100     34.13%     86.01% |          41     13.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          293                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |        5456     26.68%     26.68% |        4972     24.31%     50.99% |        4975     24.33%     75.31% |        5049     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total        20452                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        4202     25.76%     25.76% |        4080     25.01%     50.77% |        4030     24.71%     75.48% |        4000     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total        16312                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       24825     25.23%     25.23% |       24641     25.04%     50.27% |       24510     24.91%     75.18% |       24417     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        98393                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       53566     25.45%     25.45% |       52590     24.99%     50.44% |       52260     24.83%     75.28% |       52024     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       210440                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       29877     25.32%     25.32% |       29527     25.02%     50.34% |       29392     24.91%     75.25% |       29210     24.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       118006                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |      102050     25.21%     25.21% |      101370     25.04%     50.26% |      100856     24.92%     75.17% |      100495     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total       404771                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         257     31.00%     31.00% |         201     24.25%     55.25% |         192     23.16%     78.41% |         179     21.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          829                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       25577     25.22%     25.22% |       25393     25.04%     50.27% |       25262     24.91%     75.18% |       25169     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total       101401                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         633     66.56%     66.56% |         284     29.86%     96.42% |          22      2.31%     98.74% |          12      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        6546     33.49%     33.49% |        2344     11.99%     45.48% |        5163     26.41%     71.89% |        5496     28.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        19549                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        9693     32.67%     32.67% |        4678     15.77%     48.44% |        6368     21.46%     69.90% |        8929     30.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        29668                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        3176     25.49%     25.49% |        3131     25.13%     50.63% |        3140     25.20%     75.83% |        3011     24.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total        12458                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        5681     29.81%     29.81% |        3977     20.87%     50.67% |        4691     24.61%     75.29% |        4710     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        19059                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       22754     27.51%     27.51% |       14918     18.04%     45.55% |       22031     26.64%     72.19% |       23002     27.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        82705                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |        9658     26.27%     26.27% |        9052     24.62%     50.89% |        9005     24.49%     75.39% |        9049     24.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total        36764                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         210     32.76%     32.76% |         154     24.02%     56.79% |         144     22.46%     79.25% |         133     20.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |          47     25.00%     25.00% |          47     25.00%     50.00% |          48     25.53%     75.53% |          46     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          188                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |         120     27.91%     27.91% |          99     23.02%     50.93% |         114     26.51%     77.44% |          97     22.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          430                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        2684     24.81%     24.81% |        2812     25.99%     50.79% |        2694     24.90%     75.69% |        2630     24.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total        10820                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |        4707     25.02%     25.02% |        4784     25.43%     50.45% |        4744     25.22%     75.66% |        4579     24.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total        18814                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |       21440     25.95%     25.95% |       20408     24.70%     50.65% |       20342     24.62%     75.27% |       20434     24.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total        82624                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       24615     25.18%     25.18% |       24487     25.05%     50.23% |       24366     24.93%     75.16% |       24284     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         704     25.00%     25.00% |         704     25.00%     50.00% |         704     25.00%     75.00% |         704     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         2816                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |         118     50.21%     50.21% |          17      7.23%     57.45% |          68     28.94%     86.38% |          32     13.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          235                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         633     66.56%     66.56% |         284     29.86%     96.42% |          22      2.31%     98.74% |          12      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       21609     29.85%     29.85% |       12792     17.67%     47.51% |       17572     24.27%     71.78% |       20431     28.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        72404                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |       48581     27.10%     27.10% |       38115     21.26%     48.36% |       45791     25.54%     73.91% |       46772     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total       179259                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |         117     52.23%     52.23% |           7      3.12%     55.36% |          68     30.36%     85.71% |          32     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          224                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           1      9.09%      9.09% |          10     90.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total           11                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         633     66.56%     66.56% |         284     29.86%     96.42% |          22      2.31%     98.74% |          12      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         634     66.53%     66.53% |         284     29.80%     96.33% |          23      2.41%     98.74% |          12      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          953                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         633     66.56%     66.56% |         284     29.86%     96.42% |          22      2.31%     98.74% |          12      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          951                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        2684     24.81%     24.81% |        2812     25.99%     50.79% |        2694     24.90%     75.69% |        2630     24.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total        10820                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |           5     20.83%     20.83% |           6     25.00%     45.83% |           7     29.17%     75.00% |           6     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |       26267     25.79%     25.79% |       25291     24.83%     50.61% |       25200     24.74%     75.35% |       25110     24.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total       101868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        2684     24.81%     24.81% |        2812     25.99%     50.79% |        2694     24.90%     75.69% |        2630     24.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total        10820                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        2960     25.00%     25.00% |        2960     25.00%     50.00% |        2960     25.00%     75.00% |        2960     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total        11840                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |          47     25.00%     25.00% |          47     25.00%     50.00% |          48     25.53%     75.53% |          46     24.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          188                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       24615     25.18%     25.18% |       24487     25.05%     50.23% |       24366     24.93%     75.16% |       24284     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |       98132     25.14%     25.14% |       97732     25.04%     50.18% |       97368     24.94%     75.12% |       97108     24.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total       390340                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         630     32.76%     32.76% |         462     24.02%     56.79% |         432     22.46%     79.25% |         399     20.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total         1923                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         210     32.76%     32.76% |         154     24.02%     56.79% |         144     22.46%     79.25% |         133     20.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         210     32.76%     32.76% |         154     24.02%     56.79% |         144     22.46%     79.25% |         133     20.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          641                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |         328     49.10%     49.10% |         216     32.34%     81.44% |          96     14.37%     95.81% |          28      4.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total          668                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       24615     25.18%     25.18% |       24487     25.05%     50.23% |       24366     24.93%     75.16% |       24284     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        97752                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |         752     25.00%     25.00% |         752     25.00%     50.00% |         752     25.00%     75.00% |         752     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |           4     26.67%     26.67% |           4     26.67%     53.33% |           4     26.67%     80.00% |           3     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          11     25.00%     25.00% |           9     20.45%     45.45% |          13     29.55%     75.00% |          11     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total           44                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        3078     25.30%     25.30% |        3077     25.29%     50.60% |        3040     24.99%     75.59% |        2970     24.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total        12165                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          98     33.45%     33.45% |          54     18.43%     51.88% |         100     34.13%     86.01% |          41     13.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          293                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |        5456     26.68%     26.68% |        4972     24.31%     50.99% |        4975     24.33%     75.31% |        5049     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total        20452                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |        4202     25.76%     25.76% |        4080     25.01%     50.77% |        4030     24.71%     75.48% |        4000     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total        16312                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          98     33.45%     33.45% |          54     18.43%     51.88% |         100     34.13%     86.01% |          41     13.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          293                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |       29027     25.31%     25.31% |       28721     25.04%     50.34% |       28540     24.88%     75.23% |       28417     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total       114705                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       98393    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        98393                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       98393    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          98393                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       98393    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        98393                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       98393    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        98393                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |   248763295     50.46%     50.46% |   239936185     48.67%     99.12% |     3160272      0.64%     99.76% |     1160812      0.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    493020564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |  1115686106     49.77%     49.77% |  1103176944     49.21%     98.97% |    17365928      0.77%     99.75% |     5671396      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2241900374                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    87298003     50.42%     50.42% |    82567854     47.69%     98.10% |     2448736      1.41%     99.52% |      833690      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total    173148283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       19168     28.17%     28.17% |       13194     19.39%     47.57% |       35499     52.18%     99.75% |         172      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        68033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |     5988987     47.29%     47.29% |     6428963     50.76%     98.05% |      160047      1.26%     99.31% |       87101      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     12665098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     5101749     52.62%     52.62% |     4543676     46.87%     99.49% |       32124      0.33%     99.82% |       17669      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      9695218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      838300     30.21%     30.21% |     1832977     66.06%     96.27% |       58569      2.11%     98.38% |       45040      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      2774886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     5940049     47.63%     47.63% |     6376653     51.14%     98.77% |       90693      0.73%     99.50% |       62709      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total     12470104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |       47219     25.44%     25.44% |       46417     25.01%     50.45% |       42785     23.05%     73.51% |       49167     26.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total       185588                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |      253907     25.11%     25.11% |      251148     24.84%     49.95% |      233380     23.08%     73.04% |      272588     26.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      1011023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         261     27.44%     27.44% |         266     27.97%     55.42% |          78      8.20%     63.62% |         346     36.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |      138660     23.40%     23.40% |      155701     26.27%     49.67% |      210238     35.47%     85.14% |       88068     14.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       592667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |       12215     25.42%     25.42% |       14211     29.57%     54.99% |       11111     23.12%     78.11% |       10517     21.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        48054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        9980     33.15%     33.15% |        7602     25.25%     58.40% |        6185     20.55%     78.95% |        6337     21.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        30104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |       24053     32.69%     32.69% |       15510     21.08%     53.77% |       20394     27.72%     81.48% |       13624     18.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        73581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       29843     18.62%     18.62% |       44457     27.74%     46.37% |       62655     39.10%     85.47% |       23287     14.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total       160242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       12412     25.22%     25.22% |       11688     23.75%     48.96% |       24983     50.76%     99.72% |         139      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total        49222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       26722     31.84%     31.84% |       18621     22.19%     54.03% |       22147     26.39%     80.42% |       16432     19.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        83922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       37249     20.61%     20.61% |       49089     27.17%     47.78% |       67267     37.23%     85.01% |       27095     14.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total       180700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       46122     24.67%     24.67% |       46863     25.07%     49.74% |       66051     35.33%     85.06% |       27923     14.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       186959                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4208     21.24%     21.24% |        6404     32.33%     53.57% |        5288     26.69%     80.26% |        3911     19.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        19811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        9078     20.33%     20.33% |       11331     25.38%     45.71% |       14919     33.41%     79.12% |        9322     20.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        44650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |       36632     29.16%     29.16% |       33518     26.68%     55.84% |       22948     18.27%     74.10% |       32539     25.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total       125637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |      211919     24.93%     24.93% |      205767     24.21%     49.14% |      191259     22.50%     71.64% |      241007     28.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total       849952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |    82703486     61.66%     61.66% |    50874854     37.93%     99.59% |      357632      0.27%     99.86% |      186893      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total    134122865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    88205220      8.00%      8.00% |   997027996     90.47%     98.48% |    12289864      1.12%     99.59% |     4509162      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total   1102032242                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4188     35.41%     35.41% |        2840     24.01%     59.42% |        2738     23.15%     82.57% |        2061     17.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        11827                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |        6756     35.92%     35.92% |        1506      8.01%     43.92% |       10516     55.90%     99.82% |          33      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total        18811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |     3430189     56.67%     56.67% |     2506096     41.41%     98.08% |       72901      1.20%     99.28% |       43327      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total      6052513                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |     3261712     76.95%     76.95% |      964284     22.75%     99.70% |        8810      0.21%     99.91% |        3861      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      4238667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      147661      8.41%      8.41% |     1530575     87.15%     95.56% |       46578      2.65%     98.21% |       31361      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total      1756175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        2311     10.58%     10.58% |        6562     30.04%     40.62% |        4231     19.37%     59.99% |        8741     40.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total        21845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |       12928     26.90%     26.90% |       11816     24.59%     51.49% |       10428     21.70%     73.19% |       12882     26.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        48054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |    32279866     99.64%     99.64% |        5939      0.02%     99.66% |       77741      0.24%     99.90% |       32983      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total     32396529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |   962156418     99.78%     99.78% |      275088      0.03%     99.81% |      842559      0.09%     99.90% |      968273      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total    964242338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          85     15.29%     15.29% |         135     24.28%     39.57% |         141     25.36%     64.93% |         195     35.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |        3871     31.07%     31.07% |        6955     55.83%     86.90% |        1606     12.89%     99.79% |          26      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total        12458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |     1068834     97.14%     97.14% |        2220      0.20%     97.34% |       11998      1.09%     98.43% |       17222      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total      1100274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      468289     98.75%     98.75% |         928      0.20%     98.95% |        1863      0.39%     99.34% |        3129      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       474209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |      599610     96.12%     96.12% |         976      0.16%     96.28% |        9856      1.58%     97.86% |       13379      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       623821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        3174     16.83%     16.83% |        2565     13.60%     30.43% |        8274     43.88%     74.31% |        4845     25.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        18858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        7173     24.18%     24.18% |        7211     24.31%     48.48% |       10393     35.03%     83.51% |        4891     16.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        29668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    23572725     21.35%     21.35% |    86322120     78.19%     99.54% |      365754      0.33%     99.87% |      140258      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    110400857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |    64480903     37.31%     37.31% |   104031929     60.20%     97.51% |     4167640      2.41%     99.92% |      143654      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    172824126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        6530     19.58%     19.58% |       11582     34.72%     54.30% |       10180     30.52%     84.82% |        5063     15.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        33355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        4593     21.95%     21.95% |        1924      9.19%     31.14% |       14374     68.69%     99.84% |          34      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        20925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |     1054273     23.39%     23.39% |     3410097     75.64%     99.03% |       35435      0.79%     99.82% |        8313      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      4508118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      949246     23.47%     23.47% |     3088540     76.37%     99.85% |        3354      0.08%     99.93% |        2783      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      4043923                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       91029     23.05%     23.05% |      301426     76.33%     99.38% |        2135      0.54%     99.92% |         300      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       394890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         202      7.11%      7.11% |        1084     38.16%     45.27% |         870     30.62%     75.89% |         685     24.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        9174     21.35%     21.35% |       16387     38.14%     59.50% |       10194     23.73%     83.23% |        7205     16.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        42960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          25     18.94%     18.94% |          13      9.85%     28.79% |           4      3.03%     31.82% |          90     68.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total          132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |   105367862     50.94%     50.94% |    98470355     47.60%     98.54% |     2268652      1.10%     99.63% |      760225      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    206867094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |    86968000     50.45%     50.45% |    82211568     47.69%     98.13% |     2409851      1.40%     99.53% |      810468      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total    172399887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |        3948     24.93%     24.93% |        2809     17.73%     42.66% |        9003     56.84%     99.50% |          79      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total        15839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |      435691     43.39%     43.39% |      510550     50.84%     94.23% |       39713      3.95%     98.18% |       18239      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      1004193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |      422502     45.02%     45.02% |      489924     52.21%     97.23% |       18097      1.93%     99.16% |        7896      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       938419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        4900     29.87%     29.87% |        2688     16.38%     46.25% |        6461     39.38%     85.63% |        2357     14.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        16406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |       12713     31.48%     31.48% |        9967     24.68%     56.16% |       11105     27.50%     83.66% |        6601     16.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        40386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |         236     28.82%     28.82% |         253     30.89%     59.71% |          74      9.04%     68.74% |         256     31.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          819                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |     3261432     76.96%     76.96% |      964153     22.75%     99.71% |        8572      0.20%     99.91% |        3830      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total      4237987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |      147661      8.41%      8.41% |     1530575     87.15%     95.56% |       46578      2.65%     98.21% |       31361      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total      1756175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |         280     41.18%     41.18% |         131     19.26%     60.44% |         238     35.00%     95.44% |          31      4.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |      468279     98.78%     98.78% |         922      0.19%     98.97% |        1824      0.38%     99.36% |        3045      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total       474070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |      599610     96.12%     96.12% |         976      0.16%     96.28% |        9856      1.58%     97.86% |       13379      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total       623821                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |          10      7.19%      7.19% |           6      4.32%     11.51% |          39     28.06%     39.57% |          84     60.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total          139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |      948965     23.48%     23.48% |     3087871     76.41%     99.89% |        2153      0.05%     99.94% |        2347      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      4041336                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |       91029     23.05%     23.05% |      301426     76.33%     99.38% |        2135      0.54%     99.92% |         300      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total       394890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         281     10.86%     10.86% |         669     25.86%     36.72% |        1201     46.42%     83.15% |         436     16.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         2587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |      114184     39.21%     39.21% |      162810     55.91%     95.13% |       10937      3.76%     98.88% |        3252      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       291183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |      308318     47.64%     47.64% |      327114     50.54%     98.18% |        7160      1.11%     99.28% |        4644      0.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       647236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       15157     18.40%     18.40% |       17456     21.19%     39.59% |       32807     39.83%     79.42% |       16952     20.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        82372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        2813     41.50%     41.50% |        1385     20.43%     61.94% |        1305     19.25%     81.19% |        1275     18.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         6778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        6265     16.54%     16.54% |        9946     26.26%     42.80% |       13615     35.95%     78.75% |        8047     21.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total        37873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Other_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3890     30.03%     30.03% |        2776     21.43%     51.47% |        4394     33.93%     85.39% |        1892     14.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        12952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        4468     35.73%     35.73% |        2971     23.76%     59.48% |        2975     23.79%     83.27% |        2092     16.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total        12506                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         285     13.67%     13.67% |         423     20.29%     33.96% |         540     25.90%     59.86% |         837     40.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          95     13.67%     13.67% |         141     20.29%     33.96% |         180     25.90%     59.86% |         279     40.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |        8363     43.72%     43.72% |        4526     23.66%     67.38% |        2350     12.29%     79.67% |        3889     20.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        19128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        7281     37.76%     37.76% |        4356     22.59%     60.35% |        4280     22.19%     82.54% |        3367     17.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        19284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          78      6.53%      6.53% |         173     14.49%     21.02% |         905     75.80%     96.82% |          38      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         1194                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          10     10.10%     10.10% |           8      8.08%     18.18% |          66     66.67%     84.85% |          15     15.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total           99                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        6340     15.57%     15.57% |        6390     15.70%     31.27% |       22552     55.39%     86.66% |        5431     13.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        40713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |       23568     19.28%     19.28% |       34503     28.22%     47.49% |       48974     40.05%     87.55% |       15225     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total       122270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        1209     16.80%     16.80% |        2465     34.25%     51.05% |        2194     30.48%     81.53% |        1329     18.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         7197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |        3112     16.20%     16.20% |        7580     39.47%     55.67% |        5354     27.88%     83.55% |        3159     16.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        19205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        6275     16.53%     16.53% |        9954     26.21%     42.74% |       13681     36.03%     78.77% |        8062     21.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total        37972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       75862     21.36%     21.36% |      107599     30.29%     51.65% |      122484     34.48%     86.13% |       49271     13.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total       355216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        7225     25.24%     25.24% |        6541     22.85%     48.09% |        8389     29.31%     77.39% |        6471     22.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        28626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        2699     24.94%     24.94% |        3246     30.00%     54.94% |        1905     17.61%     72.55% |        2970     27.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total        10820                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |       24053     32.69%     32.69% |       15510     21.08%     53.77% |       20394     27.72%     81.48% |       13624     18.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        73581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |       23578     19.27%     19.27% |       34511     28.20%     47.47% |       49040     40.08%     87.55% |       15240     12.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total       122369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         266     59.51%     59.51% |         121     27.07%     86.58% |          42      9.40%     95.97% |          18      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          447                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |        1056     15.16%     15.16% |        2550     36.60%     51.76% |        2005     28.78%     80.54% |        1356     19.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         6967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           9     16.36%     16.36% |           3      5.45%     21.82% |           1      1.82%     23.64% |          42     76.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           55                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |       25651     42.05%     42.05% |        8951     14.67%     56.73% |       19757     32.39%     89.12% |        6637     10.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        60996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |        4990     25.68%     25.68% |        7670     39.48%     65.16% |        2722     14.01%     79.17% |        4046     20.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        19428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |       26722     31.84%     31.84% |       18621     22.19%     54.03% |       22147     26.39%     80.42% |       16432     19.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        83922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |          30      6.26%      6.26% |         135     28.18%     34.45% |         152     31.73%     66.18% |         162     33.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |          16     88.89%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |        3871     31.07%     31.07% |        6955     55.83%     86.90% |        1606     12.89%     99.79% |          26      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total        12458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |          14     63.64%     63.64% |           3     13.64%     77.27% |           5     22.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           5     33.33%     33.33% |           2     13.33%     46.67% |           8     53.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total           15                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |        8541     23.23%     23.23% |        4733     12.87%     36.11% |       23377     63.59%     99.69% |         113      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total        36764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     3409373     56.87%     56.87% |     2494859     41.62%     98.49% |       55388      0.92%     99.41% |       35222      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      5994842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1067899     97.26%     97.26% |        1904      0.17%     97.43% |       11719      1.07%     98.50% |       16508      1.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1098030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |     1040275     23.44%     23.44% |     3389966     76.37%     99.81% |        5489      0.12%     99.93% |        3083      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      4438813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |      422502     45.02%     45.02% |      489924     52.21%     97.23% |       18097      1.93%     99.16% |        7896      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       938419                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
