
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.127779                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1127779365500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53318206276001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 129244                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   172894                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              269246665                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1796712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4188.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   541357426                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     724192459                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     84038784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          84038784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     49545088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       49545088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1313106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1313106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       774142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            774142                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     74517043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             74517043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43931543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            43931543                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    118448587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           118448587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1313106                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    774142                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1313106                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  774142                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              84007936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  30848                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               49545152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               84038784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            49545088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   482                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            82562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            81889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            82595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            82814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            82674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            82410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            82302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            82733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            81293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            81609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           81596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           81013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           80918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           81077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           82179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           82960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            48959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            48383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            49060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            49323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            49189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            48831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            49020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            48882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            47747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            47800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           47688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           47457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           47508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           47574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           48114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           48608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1127779373000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1313106                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              774142                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1312541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 31352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 33425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 42093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 44698                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 44888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 44729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 44631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 44570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 44613                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 44498                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 44552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 44638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 44507                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 44345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 44323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 44044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 43991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 44174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       958047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.401395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.634689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   206.851971                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       726175     75.80%     75.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       122301     12.77%     88.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26286      2.74%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18678      1.95%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12661      1.32%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9056      0.95%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         6999      0.73%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5786      0.60%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        30105      3.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       958047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        43971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.882059                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.146708                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         40865     92.94%     92.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         2731      6.21%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          324      0.74%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           28      0.06%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           10      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        43971                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        43971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.605763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.574969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.031866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           11170     25.40%     25.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             918      2.09%     27.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           26813     60.98%     88.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            4353      9.90%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             623      1.42%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              71      0.16%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              12      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               7      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        43971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 19326472000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            43938172000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                6563120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14723.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33473.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       74.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       43.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    74.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    43.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  741724                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 386996                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                56.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    540318.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.09                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3679875360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2007868500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5200049400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2537892000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         74084478000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        208557343890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        497612298750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          793679805900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           699.732201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 822850377750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  37659180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 267269770750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3588346440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1957927125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5136245400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2478787920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         74084478000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        207508763340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        498532106250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          793286654475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           699.385587                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 823785248750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  37659180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 266339380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     84216064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          84216064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     49720512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       49720512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1315876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1315876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       776883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            776883                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     74674237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             74674237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     44087091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            44087091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    118761329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           118761329                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1315876                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    776883                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1315876                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  776883                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              84187520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  28544                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               49721472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               84216064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            49720512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   446                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            82988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            82065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            82757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            82772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            82845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            82486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            82560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            82881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            81528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            81709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           81759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           81140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           81148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           81205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           82440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           83147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            49182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            48533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            49152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            49412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            49342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            48976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            49283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            49098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            47964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            47943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           47827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           47519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           47722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           47718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           48375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           48852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1127779524000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1315876                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              776883                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1315343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 31861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 33820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 42291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 44838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 45014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 44854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 44709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 44652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 44630                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 44508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 44608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 44805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 44657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 44490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 44503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 44202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 44103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 44280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       981175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.478324                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.837409                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   198.934999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       752834     76.73%     76.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       113470     11.56%     88.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        28775      2.93%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21880      2.23%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14779      1.51%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10464      1.07%     96.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7682      0.78%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5788      0.59%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        25503      2.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       981175                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     29.867966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.844713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         41077     93.17%     93.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         2668      6.05%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          293      0.66%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           31      0.07%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            5      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        44087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.621929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.591646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.023699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           10859     24.63%     24.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             870      1.97%     26.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           27309     61.94%     88.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            4326      9.81%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             630      1.43%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              70      0.16%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              11      0.02%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        44087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 19524547500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            44188860000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                6577150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14842.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               33592.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       74.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       44.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    74.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    44.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  738362                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 372791                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                56.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    538896.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3765885480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2054798625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5210727600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2546510400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         74084478000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        208416003840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        497736281250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          793814685195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           699.851115                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 823062559750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  37659180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 267057867750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3677191560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2006404125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5147898600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2488021920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         74084478000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        207690379875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        498372793500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          793467167580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           699.544733                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 823576164250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  37659180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 266548464500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2259189054                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1014299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2199688                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2151743                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      66234                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       142490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2151743                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            4387647                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1778437                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1178948                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             649334                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       522102                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     321647                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    200455                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2254668111.232817                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4520942.767183                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002001                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997999                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           229110                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                35994      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1625840     73.91%     75.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3761      0.17%     75.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    11983      0.54%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  321647     14.62%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 200455      9.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2199710                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2257489906                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  533847577                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709159582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            508782392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     432263                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31465434                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   508782392                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070077854                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         339824740                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220272800                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241352160                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152835561                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94759030                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58076531                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              8633907.894618                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2248855998.105382                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996175                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003825                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33876830                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               954879      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444057365     62.62%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   25215      0.00%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145133      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94759030     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58076531      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709167883                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2255492653                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     834832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1799590                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1755683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      48490                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       129712                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1755683                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            3565232                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1457716                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1023216                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             531355                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       423227                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     264873                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    158354                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2251965877.322124                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              3526775.677877                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001564                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998436                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           194215                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                33540      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1327417     73.76%     75.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3418      0.19%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    11991      0.67%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  264873     14.72%     91.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 158354      8.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1799593                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2253365154                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2839410                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5627906                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5530548                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     143588                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       479333                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5530548                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11005507                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4490962                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3562407                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1935736                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1269026                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     822934                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    446092                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2241917530.887288                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              11447623.112712                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005080                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994920                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           648384                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                35411      0.63%      0.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4306684     76.52%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4372      0.08%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    11128      0.20%     77.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  822934     14.62%     92.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 446092      7.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5627997                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  706                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 706                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1391                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1391                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               10                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4214                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2095                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1157                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1180                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                13498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1166500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              723999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              789761                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              724000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              725498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                2500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              453000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              435000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              444000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    936191234                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000496                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   936191004    100.00%    100.00% |         230      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    936191234                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      936191234                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.420426                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.030634                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         7.533633                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   936127639     99.99%     99.99% |       34345      0.00%    100.00% |       28161      0.00%    100.00% |         756      0.00%    100.00% |         273      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        936191234                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    933518625                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.069506                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.016806                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.830801                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   927030102     99.30%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |           0      0.00%     99.30% |     6488523      0.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    933518625                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2672609                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.993510                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.352651                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.621966                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2609014     97.62%     97.62% |       34345      1.29%     98.91% |       28161      1.05%     99.96% |         756      0.03%     99.99% |         273      0.01%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2672609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           93                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       510939                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        10405                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       521344                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1327028                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        14785                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1341813                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        16160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         9030                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        25190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    156763971                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9033334                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    165797305                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    762001330                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        20215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    762021545                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      6420239                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses      2633310                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      9053549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          2299                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       414380                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses         8704                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       423084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1097613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses         9537                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1107150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        10689                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         7552                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        18241                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1222328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48754                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1271082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3692513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        15398                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3707911                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        41435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        22717                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        64152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             8                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.060913                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9030                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        15328                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2676107                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2663505                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         9030                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        72240                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1103616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21408856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21308040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        72240                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.634789                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2633310                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2647952                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7915398                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1550698                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2604601                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2604601                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1053902                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39207                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2633310                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21066480                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    190652544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63323184                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    111650256                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20836808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20836808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8431216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       313656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21066480                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.060877                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        15538                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2672494                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2665035                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         7552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        60416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1118736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21379952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21320280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        60416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.063385                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22717                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        37264                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2684183                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          327                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          132                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2649801                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22717                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       181736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2683008                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21473464                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        23544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21198408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       181736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.287346                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1336743                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1313106                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       774142                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1301232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1301232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       527090                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1336739                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1336743                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10693944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     94543632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55738224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10409856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10409856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4216720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10693912                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10693944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.287922                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1335866                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1315876                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       776883                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1303828                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1303828                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       526944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1335777                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1335866                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10686928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          712                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     94743072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55935576                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10430624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10430624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4215552                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10686216                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10686928                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.181809                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2672609                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3           93                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2672532                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7974091                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1551025                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2605060                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2605060                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1054034                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      8017548                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2672609                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21380872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    192422304                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63792728                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    111673800                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20840480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20840480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8432272                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     64140384                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21380872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      8018106                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      8017596                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     23922273                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4653075                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     18792462                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     18707612                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      8017827                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     64144848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    577266912                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    191378184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    335021400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    150339696                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    149660896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     64142616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.061256                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8987                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        18872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2663505                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       647064                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       150976                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21308040                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.060570                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9030                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         6341                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2657235                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         9030                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        72240                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       456552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21257880                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        72240                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.758890                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2633306                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7890836                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2604601                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39207                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    189598032                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63126688                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20836808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       313656                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.510689                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2633310                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14646                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24562                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1550698                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2604601                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1053902                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2633310                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21066480                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1054512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       196496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    111650256                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20836808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8431216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21066480                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.060922                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7527                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        15449                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2665035                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       541944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       123592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21320280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.060833                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8011                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2657045                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5         7552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        60416                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       576792                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21256360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        60416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.064365                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22712                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        48934                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2649801                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1635264                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       391472                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21198408                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.062405                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22717                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        14552                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2635249                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          327                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          132                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        22717                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       181736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1047744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21081992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        23544                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       181736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.254240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1336743                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       774142                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1301232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       527090                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1336743                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10693944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55738224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10409856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4216720                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10693944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.320451                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1313106                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1301232                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1336739                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     94543632                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10409856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10693912                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.254803                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1335866                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       776883                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1303828                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       526944                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1335866                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10686928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55935576                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10430624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4215552                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10686928                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.321042                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           89                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1315876                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1303828                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1335777                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          712                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     94743072                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10430624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10686216                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.061256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4         8987                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        18872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2663505                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       647064                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       150976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21308040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.758890                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2633306                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7890836                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2604601                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        39207                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    189598032                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63126688                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20836808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       313656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.060922                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4         7527                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        15449                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2665035                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       541944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       123592                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21320280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.064365                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        22712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        48934                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          459                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2649801                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1635264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       391472                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         3672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21198408                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.254240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1336743                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       774142                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1301232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       527090                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1336743                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10693944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55738224                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10409856                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4216720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10693944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.254803                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1335866                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       776883                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1303828                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       526944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1335866                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10686928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     55935576                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10430624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4215552                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10686928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    108794661                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.105211                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.175384                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.629153                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108746276     99.96%     99.96% |       28664      0.03%     99.98% |       18920      0.02%    100.00% |         569      0.00%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     108794661                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    107162869                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.387583                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.097394                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.930184                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   103009419     96.12%     96.12% |           0      0.00%     96.12% |           0      0.00%     96.12% |           0      0.00%     96.12% |           0      0.00%     96.12% |     4153450      3.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    107162869                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1631792                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.905082                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.738575                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.625544                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1583407     97.03%     97.03% |       28664      1.76%     98.79% |       18920      1.16%     99.95% |         569      0.03%     99.99% |         184      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1631792                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58738814                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.773996                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.194535                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     19.428694                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58723678     99.97%     99.97% |        5653      0.01%     99.98% |        9199      0.02%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58738814                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     57711457                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.392146                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.098595                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.941051                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    55448326     96.08%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |     2263131      3.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     57711457                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1027357                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   137.573670                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   131.755142                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.118422                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1012221     98.53%     98.53% |        5653      0.55%     99.08% |        9199      0.90%     99.97% |         184      0.02%     99.99% |          88      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1027357                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    768178419                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001415                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000202                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.316299                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   768177606    100.00%    100.00% |         753      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    768178419                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    768172436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000702                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000168                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.083803                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   768118484     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |       53952      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    768172436                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5983                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    92.523316                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    77.633813                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.730245                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5170     86.41%     86.41% |         753     12.59%     99.00% |          15      0.25%     99.25% |           9      0.15%     99.40% |          28      0.47%     99.87% |           8      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5983                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       213206                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.065885                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.173051                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.613199                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      213132     99.97%     99.97% |          68      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       213206                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       210878                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.496638                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.126470                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.172499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      200405     95.03%     95.03% |           0      0.00%     95.03% |           0      0.00%     95.03% |           0      0.00%     95.03% |           0      0.00%     95.03% |       10473      4.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       210878                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2328                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    53.630155                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.063448                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    46.833807                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2254     96.82%     96.82% |          68      2.92%     99.74% |           1      0.04%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           2      0.09%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           2      0.09%     99.96% |           1      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2328                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.310979                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.320915                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.643267                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      132894     99.87%     99.87% |         165      0.12%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       127918                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.587642                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.151322                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.351838                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      120401     94.12%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |        7517      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       127918                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    46.124296                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    40.130889                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    38.203994                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4976     96.64%     96.64% |         165      3.20%     99.84% |           3      0.06%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           4      0.08%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5149                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133067    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       133067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133067                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133067    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       133067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    927029915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   927029915    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    927029915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        43627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.944736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.889398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.125189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       43311     99.28%     99.28% |          33      0.08%     99.35% |         215      0.49%     99.84% |          68      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        43627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        43534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.043828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.010838                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.655274                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       43328     99.53%     99.53% |          19      0.04%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |           0      0.00%     99.57% |         187      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        43534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        43534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.010635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.007633                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.316619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       43496     99.91%     99.91% |          12      0.03%     99.94% |          23      0.05%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        43534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        43534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.003606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.003404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.102843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       43518     99.96%     99.96% |          16      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        43534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        43534                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.836771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.523061                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       24944     57.30%     57.30% |       12635     29.02%     86.32% |        2975      6.83%     93.15% |           8      0.02%     93.17% |           5      0.01%     93.18% |           3      0.01%     93.19% |        2964      6.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        43534                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6488710                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999240                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.053683                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         187      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6488523    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6488710                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.487837                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.721375                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.169509                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2565387     97.58%     97.58% |       34345      1.31%     98.89% |       28161      1.07%     99.96% |         756      0.03%     99.99% |         273      0.01%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.005157                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000915                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.287024                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     2628132     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         845      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.015203                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.009205                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.537974                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2627948     99.96%     99.96% |         187      0.01%     99.97% |          33      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         814      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000012                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000011                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.006229                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2628978    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    92.467465                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    83.068565                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    67.181972                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     2568751     97.71%     97.71% |       35549      1.35%     99.06% |       23789      0.90%     99.97% |         610      0.02%     99.99% |         232      0.01%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      2628982                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    103009417                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   103009417    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    103009417                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        30398                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.396210                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.374434                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.423997                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       30305     99.69%     99.69% |           1      0.00%     99.70% |          27      0.09%     99.79% |          65      0.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        30398                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4153452                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999995                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999987                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.006939                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4153450    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4153452                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1601394                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.471283                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.120328                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.407691                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1553009     96.98%     96.98% |       28664      1.79%     98.77% |       18920      1.18%     99.95% |         569      0.04%     99.99% |         184      0.01%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1601394                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55448148                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55448148    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     55448148                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4916                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.004679                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.863040                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.386554                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4710     95.81%     95.81% |          22      0.45%     96.26% |         184      3.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4916                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2263309                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999214                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.997926                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.088679                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         178      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     2263131     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2263309                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1022441                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   138.062024                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.582050                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.807921                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1007305     98.52%     98.52% |        5653      0.55%     99.07% |        9199      0.90%     99.97% |         184      0.02%     99.99% |          88      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1022441                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    768118484                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   768118484    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    768118484                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1914                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.639498                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.634872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.560624                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1901     99.32%     99.32% |          13      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1914                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        53952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       53952    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        53952                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4069                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.221430                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.059853                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.361201                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        3256     80.02%     80.02% |         753     18.51%     98.53% |          15      0.37%     98.89% |           9      0.22%     99.12% |          28      0.69%     99.80% |           8      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4069                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       200405                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      200405    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       200405                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1868                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.830835                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.769366                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.130019                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1864     99.79%     99.79% |           3      0.16%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1868                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10473                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       10473    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        10473                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          460                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   121.850000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.025723                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.724547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         386     83.91%     83.91% |          68     14.78%     98.70% |           1      0.22%     98.91% |           0      0.00%     98.91% |           2      0.43%     99.35% |           0      0.00%     99.35% |           2      0.43%     99.78% |           1      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          460                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       120401                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      120401    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       120401                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4531                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.328846                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.259814                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.279674                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4518     99.71%     99.71% |           7      0.15%     99.87% |           3      0.07%     99.93% |           3      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4531                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7517                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7517    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7517                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          618                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.605178                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.974083                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.223781                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         445     72.01%     72.01% |         165     26.70%     98.71% |           3      0.49%     99.19% |           0      0.00%     99.19% |           4      0.65%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          618                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133060                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133060    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       133060                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples            7                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total            7                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      516932     49.92%     49.92% |      518657     50.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1035589                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      820279     50.08%     50.08% |      817618     49.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1637897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |     1301232     49.95%     49.95% |     1303828     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      2605060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       10931     53.81%     53.81% |        9382     46.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        20313                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |     1325812     49.99%     49.99% |     1326484     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      2652296                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        2032     49.44%     49.44% |        2078     50.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |           7     53.85%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      525058     50.01%     50.01% |      524866     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1049924                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      774135     49.91%     49.91% |      776877     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1551012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1313106     49.95%     49.95% |     1315876     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2628982                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      774142     49.91%     49.91% |      776883     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1551025                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |           4      4.30%      4.30% |          89     95.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           93                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        3457     58.21%     58.21% |        2482     41.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         5939                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        3800     56.02%     56.02% |        2983     43.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total         6783                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        2039     49.45%     49.45% |        2084     50.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        2638     49.07%     49.07% |        2738     50.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         5376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       13738     54.01%     54.01% |       11698     45.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        25436                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |     1299193     49.95%     49.95% |     1301744     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      2600937                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          12     66.67%     66.67% |           6     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        3083     48.22%     48.22% |        3310     51.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         6393                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      510414     49.87%     49.87% |      513087     50.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      1023501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      799597     50.00%     50.00% |      799473     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1599070                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          26     86.67%     86.67% |           4     13.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |           4      4.30%      4.30% |          89     95.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           93                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |        7818     56.65%     56.65% |        5983     43.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        13801                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |     1325808     49.99%     49.99% |     1326391     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      2652199                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |           4      4.30%      4.30% |          89     95.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           93                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |           4      4.30%      4.30% |          89     95.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           93                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |           4      4.30%      4.30% |          89     95.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           93                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        3083     48.22%     48.22% |        3310     51.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         6393                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |     1310023     49.95%     49.95% |     1312566     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      2622589                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        3083     48.22%     48.22% |        3310     51.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         6393                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         385     53.10%     53.10% |         340     46.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total          725                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          57     46.72%     46.72% |          65     53.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        2032     49.44%     49.44% |        2078     50.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |           7     53.85%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      525058     50.01%     50.01% |      524866     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1049924                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      774135     49.91%     49.91% |      776877     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1551012                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |           7     53.85%     53.85% |           6     46.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           13                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      774135     49.91%     49.91% |      776877     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      1551012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      295435      0.27%      0.27% |   107501199     98.81%     99.08% |      246024      0.23%     99.31% |      752124      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    108794782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1341813      0.17%      0.17% |   762021546     99.20%     99.37% |     1107150      0.14%     99.52% |     3707911      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    768178420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      225928      0.38%      0.38% |    58296948     98.44%     98.82% |      177060      0.30%     99.12% |      518962      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     59218898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2608489     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         646      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      2609135                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       18913      0.21%      0.21% |     9051204     99.00%     99.21% |       13062      0.14%     99.35% |       59489      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      9142668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1739      0.03%      0.03% |     6404645     99.53%     99.56% |        1577      0.02%     99.58% |       26800      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      6434761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       14423     26.73%     26.73% |       15753     29.20%     55.93% |        9115     16.89%     72.83% |       14661     27.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        53952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       16162      0.25%      0.25% |     6420398     98.95%     99.20% |       10692      0.16%     99.36% |       41461      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      6488713                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     1031603     33.23%     33.23% |       10263      0.33%     33.56% |     1033362     33.29%     66.85% |     1029274     33.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      3104502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1631902     33.22%     33.22% |       28944      0.59%     33.80% |     1631673     33.21%     67.02% |     1620527     32.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      4913046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |          71     76.34%     76.34% |           1      1.08%     77.42% |          21     22.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           93                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       15975      0.20%      0.20% |     7878389     99.04%     99.24% |       13334      0.17%     99.40% |       47445      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      7955143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        2897     15.29%     15.29% |       12447     65.69%     80.98% |        2115     11.16%     92.14% |        1489      7.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        18948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        2687     21.89%     21.89% |        7078     57.67%     79.56% |        1116      9.09%     88.66% |        1392     11.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        12273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        3641     26.16%     26.16% |        4358     31.31%     57.46% |        3438     24.70%     82.16% |        2483     17.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        13920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        2659      0.10%      0.10% |     2621870     99.08%     99.18% |        2973      0.11%     99.29% |       18837      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      2646339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2604601     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         459      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2605060                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        3846     19.07%     19.07% |       10226     50.72%     69.79% |        3486     17.29%     87.08% |        2605     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        20163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |        5184      0.20%      0.20% |     2623084     98.89%     99.09% |        4066      0.15%     99.24% |       20112      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      2652446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        5437      0.33%      0.33% |     1604277     98.31%     98.65% |        5658      0.35%     98.99% |       16420      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1631792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         362      6.05%      6.05% |        4462     74.58%     80.63% |         422      7.05%     87.68% |         737     12.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         5983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1715      0.17%      0.17% |     1023684     99.28%     99.44% |         826      0.08%     99.52% |        4914      0.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1031139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     1028172     33.32%     33.32% |        5797      0.19%     33.51% |     1028324     33.32%     66.83% |     1023595     33.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      3085888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1622708     33.38%     33.38% |       14748      0.30%     33.68% |     1621604     33.35%     67.03% |     1602819     32.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      4861879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       50391      0.71%      0.71% |     6905373     97.47%     98.19% |       49358      0.70%     98.88% |       79204      1.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      7084326                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1150884      7.64%      7.64% |     9481710     62.91%     70.54% |     1085622      7.20%     77.74% |     3354606     22.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     15072822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1472     42.92%     42.92% |         724     21.11%     64.02% |         619     18.05%     82.07% |         615     17.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3888     95.41%     95.41% |           0      0.00%     95.41% |         187      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         4075                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       14368     13.22%     13.22% |       67450     62.08%     75.30% |       10425      9.59%     84.90% |       16412     15.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       108655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         929      1.69%      1.69% |       49882     90.89%     92.58% |         644      1.17%     93.76% |        3426      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        54881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       12260     28.96%     28.96% |        9152     21.61%     50.57% |        9114     21.53%     72.10% |       11815     27.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        42341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        1947     26.40%     26.40% |        1448     19.63%     46.03% |        2367     32.09%     78.12% |        1614     21.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         7376                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        4408     23.26%     23.26% |        2569     13.56%     36.82% |        4750     25.07%     61.89% |        7221     38.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        18948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         417      0.36%      0.36% |      105397     91.31%     91.67% |        5277      4.57%     96.24% |        4341      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       115432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |        2324      0.04%      0.04% |     5407220     95.70%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |      240655      4.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      5650199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          42     56.00%     56.00% |           4      5.33%     61.33% |          24     32.00%     93.33% |           5      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           75                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4025     97.62%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |          98      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |         517      2.81%      2.81% |       14319     77.88%     80.69% |         546      2.97%     83.66% |        3005     16.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        18387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         301      2.81%      2.81% |        9607     89.61%     92.42% |         540      5.04%     97.45% |         273      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        10721                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         149      2.07%      2.07% |        4256     59.10%     61.17% |           0      0.00%     61.17% |        2796     38.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         7201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1119     19.09%     19.09% |          53      0.90%     19.99% |        2287     39.01%     59.01% |        2403     40.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         5862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |         719     10.60%     10.60% |          90      1.33%     11.93% |        1858     27.39%     39.32% |        4116     60.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total         6783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       27224      0.08%      0.08% |    33078925     99.65%     99.73% |       23325      0.07%     99.80% |       65261      0.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     33194735                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      173730      0.02%      0.02% |   747112002     99.96%     99.99% |       11776      0.00%     99.99% |       97114      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    747394622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         324      0.06%      0.06% |      540559     98.14%     98.20% |         174      0.03%     98.24% |        9719      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       550776                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1051221    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          36      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1051257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        2571      0.14%      0.14% |     1851176     99.62%     99.76% |        1016      0.05%     99.81% |        3486      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      1858249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          85      0.01%      0.01% |      791123     99.87%     99.88% |          27      0.00%     99.88% |         939      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       792174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        2014     45.67%     45.67% |        2345     53.17%     98.84% |           1      0.02%     98.87% |          50      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         4410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         165     35.71%     35.71% |          47     10.17%     45.89% |         211     45.67%     91.56% |          39      8.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        1271     18.04%     18.04% |         402      5.71%     23.75% |        2187     31.05%     54.80% |        3184     45.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total         7044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          31     93.94%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      210566      0.34%      0.34% |    61677518     98.50%     98.84% |      161148      0.26%     99.10% |      565585      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     62614817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      221868      0.40%      0.40% |    54455974     98.39%     98.79% |      174965      0.32%     99.10% |      495655      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     55348462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1549355     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         325      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      1549680                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |        1457      0.02%      0.02% |     7118259     99.45%     99.47% |        1075      0.02%     99.49% |       36586      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      7157377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         424      0.01%      0.01% |     5554033     99.59%     99.60% |         366      0.01%     99.60% |       22162      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      5576985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         200      4.07%      4.07% |        2918     59.38%     63.45% |         173      3.52%     66.97% |        1623     33.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         4914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        2796     15.20%     15.20% |       11135     60.54%     75.74% |        1274      6.93%     82.67% |        3187     17.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        18392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |          40     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |          20     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |         928      1.70%      1.70% |       49723     90.91%     92.61% |         642      1.17%     93.78% |        3400      6.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        54693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       12260     28.96%     28.96% |        9152     21.61%     50.57% |        9114     21.53%     72.10% |       11815     27.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        42341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           1      0.53%      0.53% |         159     84.57%     85.11% |           2      1.06%     86.17% |          26     13.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          188                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         300      2.80%      2.80% |        9607     89.63%     92.42% |         539      5.03%     97.45% |         273      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        10719                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |         149      2.07%      2.07% |        4256     59.10%     61.17% |           0      0.00%     61.17% |        2796     38.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total         7201                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |          63      0.01%      0.01% |      791045     99.93%     99.94% |          27      0.00%     99.95% |         435      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       791570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        2014     45.67%     45.67% |        2345     53.17%     98.84% |           1      0.02%     98.87% |          50      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         4410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |          22      3.64%      3.64% |          78     12.91%     16.56% |           0      0.00%     16.56% |         504     83.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total          604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |         109      0.00%      0.00% |     3279118     99.47%     99.48% |          44      0.00%     99.48% |       17197      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      3296468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |         315      0.01%      0.01% |     2274915     99.75%     99.77% |         322      0.01%     99.78% |        4965      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total      2280517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        3361      0.11%      0.11% |     3068045     99.60%     99.71% |         646      0.02%     99.73% |        8311      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      3080363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1009     44.61%     44.61% |         304     13.44%     58.05% |         447     19.76%     77.81% |         502     22.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |         706      0.07%      0.07% |     1023380     99.47%     99.53% |         379      0.04%     99.57% |        4412      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1028877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2608     59.14%     59.14% |         787     17.85%     76.98% |          79      1.79%     78.78% |         936     21.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        1473     40.71%     40.71% |         883     24.41%     65.12% |         621     17.16%     82.28% |         641     17.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         3618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         129     55.84%     55.84% |          12      5.19%     61.04% |          75     32.47%     93.51% |          15      6.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          43     55.84%     55.84% |           4      5.19%     61.04% |          25     32.47%     93.51% |           5      6.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         553     12.32%     12.32% |        1355     30.20%     42.52% |        1994     44.44%     86.96% |         585     13.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         4487                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        2482     42.21%     42.21% |        1187     20.19%     62.40% |        1068     18.16%     80.56% |        1143     19.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         5880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     42.11%     42.11% |           5     26.32%     68.42% |           6     31.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        1578      9.16%      9.16% |         605      3.51%     12.67% |        1723     10.00%     22.67% |       13327     77.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        17233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        1952      0.12%      0.12% |     1598490     98.83%     98.95% |        2594      0.16%     99.11% |       14425      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1617461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         148      5.00%      5.00% |         128      4.32%      9.32% |         127      4.29%     13.61% |        2557     86.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         2960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         274      7.26%      7.26% |         515     13.65%     20.91% |         333      8.82%     29.73% |        2652     70.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         3774                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |         707      0.07%      0.07% |     1023380     99.47%     99.53% |         379      0.04%     99.57% |        4412      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1028878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |        4893      0.10%      0.10% |     4805980     99.36%     99.46% |        6882      0.14%     99.60% |       19415      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      4837170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        2696     16.10%     16.10% |       11471     68.49%     84.59% |        1431      8.54%     93.13% |        1150      6.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        16748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         205      3.21%      3.21% |        5891     92.15%     95.35% |          48      0.75%     96.11% |         249      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         6393                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        3641     26.16%     26.16% |        4358     31.31%     57.46% |        3438     24.70%     82.16% |        2483     17.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        13920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        1953      0.12%      0.12% |     1598490     98.83%     98.95% |        2594      0.16%     99.11% |       14425      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1617462                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          89     98.89%     98.89% |           1      1.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total           90                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |          90     10.70%     10.70% |         398     47.32%     58.03% |         215     25.56%     83.59% |         138     16.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total          841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        2579     34.50%     34.50% |        1090     14.58%     49.08% |        1602     21.43%     70.52% |        2204     29.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total         7475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         201      9.14%      9.14% |         976     44.36%     53.50% |         684     31.09%     84.59% |         339     15.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         2200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        3846     19.07%     19.07% |       10226     50.72%     69.79% |        3486     17.29%     87.08% |        2605     12.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        20163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     15.33%     15.33% |           0      0.00%     15.33% |         127     84.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4025     97.62%     97.62% |           0      0.00%     97.62% |          98      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         119     99.17%     99.17% |           0      0.00%     99.17% |           1      0.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         723     99.72%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |           2      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2600576     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         361      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      2600937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       13189     13.57%     13.57% |       59034     60.72%     74.29% |        9758     10.04%     84.32% |       15241     15.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        97222                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         450      2.51%      2.51% |       13863     77.35%     79.86% |         540      3.01%     82.88% |        3069     17.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        17922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        2099      0.26%      0.26% |      793468     99.61%     99.87% |          28      0.00%     99.88% |         989      0.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       796584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |         424      0.01%      0.01% |     5554033     99.59%     99.60% |         366      0.01%     99.60% |       22162      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      5576985                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.152951                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1152950996000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53343377906501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 129100                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   174210                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              267943405                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2030184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4302.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   555513139                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     749618539                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     85129728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          85129728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     49861568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       49861568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1330152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1330152                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       779087                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            779087                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73836380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             73836380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     43246910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            43246910                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    117083290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           117083290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1330152                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    779087                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1330152                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  779087                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              85096000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  33728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               49861952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               85129728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            49861568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   527                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            83960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            82910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            83539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            83813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            83796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            83438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            83184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            83519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            82214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            82771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           82845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           82079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           81910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           82255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           83146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           84246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            49462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            48641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            49178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            49531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            49337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            49032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            49120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            49106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            48005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            48172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           48297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           47855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           47795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           48007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           48432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           49123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1152951192000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1330152                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              779087                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1328990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    627                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 31589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 33669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 42371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 44985                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 45167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 45009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 44910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 44849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 44890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 44778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 44831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 44916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 44784                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 44624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 44603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 44321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 44268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 44451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       967381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   139.508649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    90.725518                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   206.813939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       732233     75.69%     75.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       124313     12.85%     88.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        26723      2.76%     91.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18884      1.95%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12797      1.32%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9143      0.95%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7073      0.73%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5846      0.60%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        30369      3.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       967381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.080230                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.850361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         41058     92.79%     92.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         2776      6.27%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          348      0.79%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           35      0.08%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-319           14      0.03%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            1      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        44248                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.607417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.576680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.030897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           11204     25.32%     25.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             924      2.09%     27.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           27018     61.06%     88.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            4379      9.90%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             629      1.42%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              71      0.16%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              12      0.03%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               7      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        44248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 19482268999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            44412737749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                6648125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    14652.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33402.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       73.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       43.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    73.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    43.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.60                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  753038                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 388299                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                56.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    546619.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   54.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3709949040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2024277750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             5263869000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2549296800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         75728143920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        212652629730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        509119038750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          811047204990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           699.523931                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 841967730250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  38499500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 272477258250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3628837800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1980020625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             5205041400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2499459120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         75728143920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        211918201830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        509763273750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          810722978445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           699.244288                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 842442994250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  38499500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 272007729500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     85280000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          85280000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     50035840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       50035840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1332500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1332500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       781810                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            781810                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     73966717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             73966717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     43398063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            43398063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117364780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           117364780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1332500                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    781810                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1332500                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  781810                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              85248960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  31040                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               50036800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               85280000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            50035840                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   485                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            84346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            83058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            83648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            83735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            83970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            83516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            83429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            83620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            82417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            82826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           83003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           82184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           82101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           82350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           83416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           84396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            49685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            48795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            49257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            49628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            49472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            49178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            49372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            49313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            48227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            48298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           48465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           47923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           48004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           48136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           48727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           49345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1152951156500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1332500                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              781810                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1331381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    626                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 32093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 34062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 42564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 45121                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 45295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 45134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 44988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 44931                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 44908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 44785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 44887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 45083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 44937                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 44769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 44781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 44479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 44379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 44556                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       990311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.609174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.927343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   198.995544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       758815     76.62%     76.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       115379     11.65%     88.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        29216      2.95%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        22075      2.23%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14900      1.50%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10550      1.07%     96.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         7753      0.78%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         5845      0.59%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        25778      2.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       990311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.056241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.764889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-63         41280     93.05%     93.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-127         2708      6.10%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-191          313      0.71%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-255           35      0.08%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            6      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            7      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::448-511            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-575            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::960-1023            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1216-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1344-1407            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1599            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        44363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.623357                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.593105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.023193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           10900     24.57%     24.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             873      1.97%     26.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           27505     62.00%     88.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            4357      9.82%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             633      1.43%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              71      0.16%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              12      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               2      0.00%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        44363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 19674649999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            44649931249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                6660075000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    14770.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               33520.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       73.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       43.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    73.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    43.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  749435                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 374089                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                56.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    545308.47                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   53.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3794658840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2070498375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5272885800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2557630080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         75728143920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        212582302560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        509180729250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          811186848825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           699.644373                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 842080288250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  38499500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 272369257250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3717418320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2028353250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             5215087800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2508712560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         75728143920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        212029436475                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        509665699500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          810892851825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           699.390802                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 842337607000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  38499500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 272113465750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2309111686                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1514617                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      3161202                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              3093405                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7491                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      92132                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       205955                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     3093405                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7491                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            6349246                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2523005                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               12375                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               6003                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1634174                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             926060                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       776757                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     472100                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    304657                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2302090175.012291                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7021510.987709                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003041                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996959                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           329526                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                44592      1.41%      1.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2317068     73.29%     74.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4558      0.14%     74.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    12630      0.40%     75.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5742      0.18%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  472100     14.93%     90.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 304657      9.64%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   3161347                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2306273324                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  536901424                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    714890827                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            514453837                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331117631                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     540084                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31923868                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   514453837                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331117631                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1081274042                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         344357813                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564041291                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276708793                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           223342238                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          243385109                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    154093144                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95489758                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58603386                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              45811328.062679                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2260461995.937321                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.980136                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.019864                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34512893                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               976647      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                448489681     62.73%     62.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   28790      0.00%     62.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   149134      0.02%     62.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111161990     15.55%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     80      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95489758     13.36%     91.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58603386      8.20%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 714899466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2305412282                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2806530                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5500814                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5398491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21165                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     125657                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       408995                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5398491                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        21165                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11039384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4313391                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               33759                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              16435                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2932938                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1583046                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1360858                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     800562                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    560296                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2292797268.652082                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              12615013.347917                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.005472                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.994528                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           590645                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                52511      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4053624     73.69%     74.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5109      0.09%     74.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    13090      0.24%     74.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  15718      0.29%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  800562     14.55%     89.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 560296     10.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5500926                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2305901992                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   11469260                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     20660003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             20435672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  5724                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     424876                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1490372                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    20435672                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         5724                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           40900567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          16852065                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                9426                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               4501                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            11914032                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            8286368                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      4425554                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    2778865                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1646689                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2262872122.002038                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              43029869.997963                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.018661                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.981339                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2033565                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                63536      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 16122835     78.04%     78.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   30861      0.15%     78.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    13238      0.06%     78.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   4291      0.02%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 2778865     13.45%     92.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1646689      7.97%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  20660315                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4489                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4489                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3725                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3725                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               365                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              365                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          166                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         2044                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3494                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1146                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         6436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   17158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1022                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3922                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          573                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3691                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1316                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3046                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3218                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7570                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19565                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2775985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6081500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1103497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1209249                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1145992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1131493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              496498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2876000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1231500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             7225500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1896679594                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000784                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1896678427    100.00%    100.00% |        1167      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1896679594                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1896679594                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.418433                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.030574                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         7.505955                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1896551882     99.99%     99.99% |       68899      0.00%    100.00% |       56635      0.00%    100.00% |        1512      0.00%    100.00% |         546      0.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1896679594                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1891263361                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.069352                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.016769                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.829886                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  1878147076     99.31%     99.31% |           0      0.00%     99.31% |           0      0.00%     99.31% |           0      0.00%     99.31% |           0      0.00%     99.31% |    13116285      0.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1891263361                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5416233                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   123.312086                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.344485                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.735200                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     5288521     97.64%     97.64% |       68899      1.27%     98.91% |       56635      1.05%     99.96% |        1512      0.03%     99.99% |         546      0.01%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5416233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          618                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       756965                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20972                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       777937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1978309                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        19885                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1998194                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        24022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        16835                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        40857                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    157990095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9075768                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    167065863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    766009765                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        50163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    766059928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      6467369                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses      2658562                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      9125931                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          2386                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1331050                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        35057                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1366107                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      3759079                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        23729                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3782808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        32150                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        26636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        58786                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4312711                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses       116105                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4428816                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     14979000                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        29707                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     15008707                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits       104221                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        41591                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       145812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles            57                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.062549                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16835                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          151                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28526                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2752288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2726414                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16835                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       134680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2053872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     22018304                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21811312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       134680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.627425                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2658562                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          166                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2683274                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      8013708                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1557304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2615877                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2615877                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1058573                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84710                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2658562                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21268496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    193195728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     64109664                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    112125888                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20927016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20927016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8468584                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21268496                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.064360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26636                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        44711                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2763647                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2716819                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        26636                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       213088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3219192                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     22109176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21734552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       213088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.067214                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41591                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        67075                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2769585                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3458                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4489                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4489                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1031                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2701874                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        41591                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       332728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      4829400                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     22156680                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       248976                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        35912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        35912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         8248                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21614992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       332728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.284589                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1372648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3          249                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1330211                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       779021                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1308971                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1308971                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       529950                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1372463                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1372648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10981184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     95775192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56089512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10471768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10471768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4239600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10979704                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10981184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.285079                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1370976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1332563                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       781746                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1311401                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1311401                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       529655                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1370766                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1370976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10967808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     95944536                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56285712                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10491208                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10491208                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4237240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10966128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10967808                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.181338                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2743624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3          523                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2743181                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4      8149813                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1560767                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2620372                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2620372                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1059605                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      8229817                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2743624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21948992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         4184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    197509032                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     65198504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    112375224                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20962976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20962976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8476840                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     65838536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21948992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control      8232441                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      8229547                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     24449439                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      4682301                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     18901821                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     19202863                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control      8230872                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     65859528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    592527384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    195595512                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    337125672                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    151214568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    153622904                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     65846976                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.063208                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          151                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16778                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        37471                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2726414                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1208016                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       299768                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21811312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.061889                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16835                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        11748                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2714817                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16835                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       134680                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       845856                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21718536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       134680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.749791                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          166                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2658254                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7953852                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2615877                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84710                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    191394288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63630816                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20927016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677680                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.505059                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      2658562                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        25020                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        59856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1557304                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      2615877                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1058573                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      2658562                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     21268496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1801440                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       478848                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    112125888                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     20927016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      8468584                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     21268496                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.065504                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26567                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        64837                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2716819                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1912824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       518696                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21734552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.063217                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        26636                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        18144                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2698810                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        26636                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       213088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1306368                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21590480                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       213088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.068798                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        41460                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        93255                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4489                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2701874                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2985120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       746040                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        35912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21614992                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.065629                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        41591                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        25615                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      2676330                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5         3458                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         4489                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5         1031                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        41591                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       332728                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1844280                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     21410640                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5       248976                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2        35912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         8248                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       332728                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.251446                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1372648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           59                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       779021                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1308971                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       529950                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1372648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10981184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         4248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56089512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10471768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4239600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10981184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.317731                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          249                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1330152                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1308971                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1372463                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     95770944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10471768                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10979704                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.251952                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1370976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       781746                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1311401                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       529655                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1370976                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10967808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56285712                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10491208                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4237240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10967808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.318205                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          274                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1332500                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1311401                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1370766                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         2192                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     95940000                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     10491208                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     10966128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.063208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3          151                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16778                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        37471                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2726414                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1208016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       299768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21811312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.749791                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3          166                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      2658254                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7953852                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      2615877                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3        84710                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    191394288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     63630816                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     20927016                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       677680                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     0.065504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3          135                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4        26567                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4        64837                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2716819                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1912824                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       518696                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21734552                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.068798                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        41460                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        93255                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         4489                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      2701874                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2985120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       746040                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3        35912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     21614992                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.251446                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1372648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4           59                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4          205                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       779021                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           66                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1308971                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       529950                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1372648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10981184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         4248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56089512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10471768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4239600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10981184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.251952                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1370976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4           63                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4          193                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       781746                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1311401                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       529655                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1370976                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     10967808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4         4536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         1544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     56285712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     10491208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      4237240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     10967808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.000003                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    220725815                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.088759                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.174201                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     16.548709                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   220628786     99.96%     99.96% |       57443      0.03%     99.98% |       37984      0.02%    100.00% |        1138      0.00%    100.00% |         368      0.00%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     220725815                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    217427832                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.384850                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.096675                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.923640                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   209060118     96.15%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |     8367714      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    217427832                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3297983                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   115.423208                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   106.031642                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.624801                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3200954     97.06%     97.06% |       57443      1.74%     98.80% |       37984      1.15%     99.95% |        1138      0.03%     99.99% |         368      0.01%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3297983                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    119647403                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.740440                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.192135                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     19.298694                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119616952     99.97%     99.97% |       11363      0.01%     99.98% |       18520      0.02%    100.00% |         368      0.00%    100.00% |         176      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     119647403                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    117568733                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.386591                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.097133                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.927813                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   113023627     96.13%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |     4545106      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    117568733                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2078670                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   136.873149                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   130.679624                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.476361                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     2048219     98.54%     98.54% |       11363      0.55%     99.08% |       18520      0.89%     99.97% |         368      0.02%     99.99% |         176      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      2078670                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555028056                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002198                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.395868                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1555025732    100.00%    100.00% |        2132      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1555028056                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555007509                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001047                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000251                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.102337                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |  1554844637     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |      162872      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1555007509                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        20547                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    88.085803                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    73.154903                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.026285                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       18223     88.69%     88.69% |        2132     10.38%     99.07% |          50      0.24%     99.31% |          29      0.14%     99.45% |          93      0.45%     99.90% |          20      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        20547                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       622930                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.820737                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.126382                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.690074                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      622762     99.97%     99.97% |         155      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       622930                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       617011                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.349524                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.087425                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.836594                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      595445     96.50%     96.50% |           0      0.00%     96.50% |           0      0.00%     96.50% |           0      0.00%     96.50% |           0      0.00%     96.50% |       21566      3.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       617011                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    50.941206                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    44.177498                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    43.852921                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        5751     97.16%     97.16% |         155      2.62%     99.78% |           2      0.03%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           4      0.07%     99.88% |           1      0.02%     99.90% |           4      0.07%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5919                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       327695                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.364522                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.331964                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.725274                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      327308     99.88%     99.88% |         360      0.11%     99.99% |           9      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       327695                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       314581                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.604836                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.156078                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.383811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      295554     93.95%     93.95% |           0      0.00%     93.95% |           0      0.00%     93.95% |           0      0.00%     93.95% |           0      0.00%     93.95% |       19027      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       314581                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13114                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    45.576178                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    39.801065                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    37.988277                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12727     97.05%     97.05% |         360      2.75%     99.79% |           9      0.07%     99.86% |           3      0.02%     99.89% |          12      0.09%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13114                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       327695                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      327695    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       327695                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       327695                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      327695    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       327695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1878146284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1878146284    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1878146284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       124599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.029920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.947295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.788327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      123384     99.02%     99.02% |        1154      0.93%     99.95% |           4      0.00%     99.95% |          17      0.01%     99.97% |          38      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       124599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       123981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.063961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.015810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.791514                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      123132     99.32%     99.32% |          70      0.06%     99.37% |           0      0.00%     99.37% |           0      0.00%     99.37% |           0      0.00%     99.37% |         779      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       123981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       123981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.044725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.019117                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     1.410396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |      123814     99.87%     99.87% |         101      0.08%     99.95% |           8      0.01%     99.95% |           2      0.00%     99.95% |          54      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       123981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       123981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.004678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.004412                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.117897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      123931     99.96%     99.96% |          50      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       123981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       123981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.805623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.446282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       69347     55.93%     55.93% |       39328     31.72%     87.65% |        7774      6.27%     93.92% |          33      0.03%     93.95% |          36      0.03%     93.98% |          15      0.01%     93.99% |        7448      6.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       123981                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     13117077                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998407                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.077702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         792      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |    13116285     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     13117077                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5291634                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   125.414361                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.661353                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    67.110292                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5163922     97.59%     97.59% |       68899      1.30%     98.89% |       56635      1.07%     99.96% |        1512      0.03%     99.99% |         546      0.01%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5291634                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      5291634                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.005221                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.000929                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.288329                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     5289893     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           4      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          30      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |        1707      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      5291634                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      5291634                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.015232                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.009222                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.538360                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5289520     99.96%     99.96% |         403      0.01%     99.97% |          71      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |        1640      0.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      5291634                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      5291634                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000093                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000087                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.017126                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5291589    100.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      5291634                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      5291634                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean    92.393815                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean    83.010178                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    67.122763                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     5170678     97.71%     97.71% |       71321      1.35%     99.06% |       47849      0.90%     99.97% |        1220      0.02%     99.99% |         464      0.01%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      5291634                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209060099                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209060099    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    209060099                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        80487                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.574962                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.509453                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.676096                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       79823     99.18%     99.18% |         606      0.75%     99.93% |           3      0.00%     99.93% |          15      0.02%     99.95% |          38      0.05%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        80487                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8367733                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999977                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999940                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.015069                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          19      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     8367714    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      8367733                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3217496                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   117.470676                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.131444                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.348802                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     3120467     96.98%     96.98% |       57443      1.79%     98.77% |       37984      1.18%     99.95% |        1138      0.04%     99.99% |         368      0.01%    100.00% |          82      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3217496                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    113022900                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   113022900    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    113022900                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        20115                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.273229                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.138159                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.289504                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       19269     95.79%     95.79% |         334      1.66%     97.45% |         512      2.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        20115                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4545833                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.998401                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.995782                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.126452                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         727      0.02%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |           0      0.00%      0.02% |     4545106     99.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4545833                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2058555                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   137.865924                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.367624                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.846118                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2028104     98.52%     98.52% |       11363      0.55%     99.07% |       18520      0.90%     99.97% |         368      0.02%     99.99% |         176      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2058555                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1554844637                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1554844637    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1554844637                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7483                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.589336                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.584927                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.546309                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7450     99.56%     99.56% |          33      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         7483                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       162872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      162872    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       162872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13064                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.301133                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.262844                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    52.953143                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       10740     82.21%     82.21% |        2132     16.32%     98.53% |          50      0.38%     98.91% |          29      0.22%     99.14% |          93      0.71%     99.85% |          20      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        13064                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       595445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      595445    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       595445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4921                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.408657                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.334710                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.333879                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4910     99.78%     99.78% |           8      0.16%     99.94% |           2      0.04%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4921                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        21566                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       21566    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        21566                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          998                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   122.599198                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   115.805655                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.150598                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         830     83.17%     83.17% |         155     15.53%     98.70% |           2      0.20%     98.90% |           0      0.00%     98.90% |           4      0.40%     99.30% |           1      0.10%     99.40% |           4      0.40%     99.80% |           2      0.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          998                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       295554                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      295554    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       295554                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.305960                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.233022                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.416725                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       11557     99.69%     99.69% |          33      0.28%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        19027                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       19027    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        19027                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   131.477318                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   125.530073                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.659257                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        1134     74.56%     74.56% |         360     23.67%     98.22% |           9      0.59%     98.82% |           3      0.20%     99.01% |          12      0.79%     99.80% |           1      0.07%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           2      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1521                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       327649                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      327649    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       327649                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           46                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          46    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           46                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      531188     49.94%     49.94% |      532537     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1063725                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      842037     50.09%     50.09% |      838908     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1680945                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |     1308971     49.95%     49.95% |     1311401     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      2620372                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       18184     52.55%     52.55% |       16417     47.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        34601                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |     1354464     50.00%     50.00% |     1354559     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      2709023                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        2401     49.67%     49.67% |        2433     50.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         4834                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          10     58.82%     58.82% |           7     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      527549     50.02%     50.02% |      527222     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1054771                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      779011     49.91%     49.91% |      781739     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1560750                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1330152     49.96%     49.96% |     1332500     50.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2662652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      779087     49.91%     49.91% |      781810     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1560897                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |         205     51.51%     51.51% |         193     48.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total          398                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |          59     48.36%     48.36% |          63     51.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          66     50.77%     50.77% |          64     49.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          130                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |         249     47.61%     47.61% |         274     52.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        5186     55.95%     55.95% |        4083     44.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         9269                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        5509     54.15%     54.15% |        4664     45.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        10173                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        2411     49.70%     49.70% |        2440     50.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         4851                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        8062     50.25%     50.25% |        7983     49.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        16045                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       23488     52.24%     52.24% |       21472     47.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        44960                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |     1306560     49.95%     49.95% |     1308961     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      2615521                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |          57     47.50%     47.50% |          63     52.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          120                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          57     53.77%     53.77% |          49     46.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          106                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        4453     48.74%     48.74% |        4683     51.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         9136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      517399     49.87%     49.87% |      520050     50.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      1037449                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      808243     50.02%     50.02% |      807718     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1615961                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |           7     87.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |          91     75.21%     75.21% |          30     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |         249     47.61%     47.61% |         274     52.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       13394     53.93%     53.93% |       11443     46.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        24837                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |     1354210     50.00%     50.00% |     1354272     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      2708482                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |          86     83.50%     83.50% |          17     16.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          103                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           5     27.78%     27.78% |          13     72.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |         249     47.61%     47.61% |         274     52.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |         251     47.81%     47.81% |         274     52.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          525                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |         249     47.61%     47.61% |         274     52.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          523                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        4453     48.74%     48.74% |        4683     51.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         9136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |          28     50.00%     50.00% |          28     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total           56                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |     1325699     49.96%     49.96% |     1327817     50.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      2653516                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        4453     48.74%     48.74% |        4683     51.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         9136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |         199     50.77%     50.77% |         193     49.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total          392                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |          57     47.50%     47.50% |          63     52.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |         389     53.29%     53.29% |         341     46.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total          730                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |          65     48.51%     48.51% |          69     51.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total          134                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        2401     49.67%     49.67% |        2433     50.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         4834                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          10     58.82%     58.82% |           7     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      527549     50.02%     50.02% |      527222     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1054771                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      779011     49.91%     49.91% |      781739     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1560750                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          10     58.82%     58.82% |           7     41.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           17                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |      779013     49.91%     49.91% |      781739     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      1560752                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total             128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      440495      0.39%      0.39% |   108210517     96.68%     97.07% |      762308      0.68%     97.75% |     2517965      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    111931285                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1998194      0.25%      0.25% |   766059929     97.36%     97.61% |     3782808      0.48%     98.09% |    15008709      1.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    786849640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      337461      0.55%      0.55% |    58856218     95.38%     95.92% |      603805      0.98%     96.90% |     1910866      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     61708350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2620635     99.77%     99.77% |          10      0.00%     99.77% |        6009      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      2626654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       33050      0.35%      0.35% |     9120539     97.64%     97.99% |       50231      0.54%     98.53% |      137447      1.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      9341267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        5126      0.08%      0.08% |     6425650     98.56%     98.64% |       11590      0.18%     98.82% |       77095      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      6519461                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       18905     17.36%     17.36% |       42114     38.67%     56.02% |       20652     18.96%     74.98% |       27249     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       108920                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       24031      0.36%      0.36% |     6467764     97.58%     97.94% |       32242      0.49%     98.43% |      104344      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      6628381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     1056603     33.13%     33.13% |       29250      0.92%     34.05% |     1052441     33.00%     67.05% |     1050825     32.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      3189119                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1669811     33.13%     33.13% |       55460      1.10%     34.23% |     1664378     33.02%     67.25% |     1651049     32.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      5040698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |         151     28.87%     28.87% |         166     31.74%     60.61% |         135     25.81%     86.42% |          71     13.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          523                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       33762      0.42%      0.42% |     7939409     97.74%     98.16% |       59966      0.74%     98.89% |       89828      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total      8122965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        3709     14.02%     14.02% |       14443     54.60%     68.63% |        4871     18.42%     87.04% |        3427     12.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        26450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        2930     16.33%     16.33% |        9287     51.75%     68.08% |        2202     12.27%     80.35% |        3527     19.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        17946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        5711     22.43%     22.43% |        8133     31.94%     54.36% |        7117     27.95%     82.31% |        4504     17.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        25465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        8137      0.30%      0.30% |     2640834     97.82%     98.12% |       17248      0.64%     98.76% |       33429      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      2699648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2615877     99.83%     99.83% |           6      0.00%     99.83% |        4489      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      2620372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        6053     17.73%     17.73% |       14559     42.65%     60.39% |        7726     22.63%     83.02% |        5795     16.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        34133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       10782      0.40%      0.40% |     2644003     97.58%     97.98% |       18910      0.70%     98.68% |       35796      1.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      2709491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        9461      0.57%      0.57% |     1616766     97.03%     97.60% |       13003      0.78%     98.38% |       26961      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1666191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         980      6.73%      6.73% |        8049     55.27%     62.00% |        3077     21.13%     83.12% |        2458     16.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        14564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        4785      0.45%      0.45% |     1031446     97.64%     98.09% |        9380      0.89%     98.98% |       10783      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1056394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     1049418     33.26%     33.26% |       21254      0.67%     33.94% |     1042651     33.05%     66.98% |     1041660     33.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      3154983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1656935     33.41%     33.41% |       31349      0.63%     34.04% |     1647087     33.21%     67.26% |     1623739     32.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      4959110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       78689      1.05%      1.05% |     7011901     93.92%     94.97% |      120288      1.61%     96.58% |      255065      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      7465943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1716752      6.16%      6.16% |    12164156     43.65%     49.81% |     2444480      8.77%     58.58% |    11545005     41.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     27870393                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1549     28.30%     28.30% |        1745     31.88%     60.19% |        1021     18.66%     78.84% |        1158     21.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         5473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4758     75.74%     75.74% |           4      0.06%     75.80% |        1520     24.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         6282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       21234     11.85%     11.85% |      100747     56.24%     68.10% |       25922     14.47%     82.57% |       31225     17.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       179128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2103      3.04%      3.04% |       57649     83.43%     86.47% |        2622      3.79%     90.27% |        6724      9.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        69098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       15984     18.33%     18.33% |       30939     35.47%     53.80% |       19189     22.00%     75.80% |       21109     24.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        87221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        2554     27.56%     27.56% |        1706     18.41%     45.97% |        3017     32.56%     78.53% |        1990     21.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         9267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        5910     22.34%     22.34% |        5547     20.97%     43.32% |        6054     22.89%     66.20% |        8939     33.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        26450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        3150      2.12%      2.12% |      121171     81.74%     83.86% |        9689      6.54%     90.40% |       14236      9.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total       148246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |       68973      0.96%      0.96% |     6602269     91.90%     92.86% |       16404      0.23%     93.09% |      496234      6.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      7183880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          51     13.32%     13.32% |         161     42.04%     55.35% |          63     16.45%     71.80% |         108     28.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4330     89.26%     89.26% |           1      0.02%     89.28% |         520     10.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         4851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |        1474      5.05%      5.05% |       18446     63.22%     68.27% |        1446      4.96%     73.22% |        7813     26.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        29179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         566      4.25%      4.25% |       10288     77.34%     81.59% |         814      6.12%     87.71% |        1635     12.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        13303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |         667      4.45%      4.45% |        7755     51.78%     56.24% |         600      4.01%     60.24% |        5954     39.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        14976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1710     19.65%     19.65% |         502      5.77%     25.42% |        2932     33.69%     59.11% |        3559     40.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         8703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        1062     10.44%     10.44% |         718      7.06%     17.50% |        2115     20.79%     38.29% |        6278     61.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        10173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       52216      0.16%      0.16% |    33164460     99.19%     99.35% |       80352      0.24%     99.59% |      137054      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     33434082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      192347      0.03%      0.03% |   747242190     99.41%     99.44% |     1297305      0.17%     99.61% |     2937291      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    751669133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        1142      0.20%      0.20% |      546407     96.96%     97.16% |        2188      0.39%     97.55% |       13819      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       563556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1055629     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |         594      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1056223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        4546      0.24%      0.24% |     1858995     98.96%     99.20% |        6139      0.33%     99.53% |        8870      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      1878550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         634      0.08%      0.08% |      793457     99.42%     99.50% |        1553      0.19%     99.70% |        2405      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       798049                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        2254     33.53%     33.53% |        3420     50.87%     84.40% |         863     12.84%     97.23% |         186      2.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         6723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         239     10.78%     10.78% |         896     40.40%     51.17% |         817     36.83%     88.01% |         266     11.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         2218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        2196     14.87%     14.87% |        2257     15.28%     30.16% |        3438     23.28%     53.44% |        6876     46.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        14767                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |          33     29.46%     29.46% |          45     40.18%     69.64% |           4      3.57%     73.21% |          30     26.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total          112                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      293208      0.45%      0.45% |    62149931     95.61%     96.06% |      529980      0.82%     96.88% |     2028838      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     65001957                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      328150      0.57%      0.57% |    54994503     95.19%     95.76% |      587812      1.02%     96.78% |     1859920      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     57770385                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1555918     99.78%     99.78% |           5      0.00%     99.78% |        3375      0.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      1559298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |        5796      0.08%      0.08% |     7142351     98.46%     98.54% |       16724      0.23%     98.77% |       89539      1.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      7254410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1823      0.03%      0.03% |     5564256     98.67%     98.71% |        6601      0.12%     98.82% |       66331      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      5639011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        2682     19.23%     19.23% |        4892     35.08%     54.31% |        3024     21.68%     75.99% |        3349     24.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        13947                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        3708     12.28%     12.28% |       15589     51.63%     63.91% |        5683     18.82%     82.73% |        5215     17.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        30195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |         118     28.71%     28.71% |         121     29.44%     58.15% |         131     31.87%     90.02% |          41      9.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total          411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        2100      3.06%      3.06% |       57401     83.60%     86.66% |        2536      3.69%     90.35% |        6625      9.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        68662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       15984     18.33%     18.33% |       30939     35.47%     53.80% |       19189     22.00%     75.80% |       21109     24.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        87221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           3      0.69%      0.69% |         248     56.88%     57.57% |          86     19.72%     77.29% |          99     22.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         560      4.27%      4.27% |       10141     77.29%     81.56% |         808      6.16%     87.72% |        1611     12.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        13120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |         667      4.45%      4.45% |        7755     51.78%     56.24% |         600      4.01%     60.24% |        5954     39.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        14976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           6      3.28%      3.28% |         147     80.33%     83.61% |           6      3.28%     86.89% |          24     13.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total          183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |         525      0.07%      0.07% |      792833     99.60%     99.66% |        1168      0.15%     99.81% |        1524      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total       796050                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        2254     33.53%     33.53% |        3420     50.87%     84.40% |         863     12.84%     97.23% |         186      2.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         6723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         109      5.45%      5.45% |         624     31.22%     36.67% |         385     19.26%     55.93% |         881     44.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total         1999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |         550      0.02%      0.02% |     3285516     98.47%     98.49% |        4350      0.13%     98.62% |       46016      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      3336432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        1273      0.06%      0.06% |     2278740     98.96%     99.02% |        2251      0.10%     99.12% |       20315      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total      2302579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       11182      0.36%      0.36% |     3080709     98.27%     98.63% |       24130      0.77%     99.40% |       18870      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      3134891                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1034     35.64%     35.64% |         730     25.16%     60.81% |         483     16.65%     77.46% |         654     22.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         2901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        3751      0.36%      0.36% |     1030716     97.84%     98.19% |        8897      0.84%     99.04% |       10130      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1053494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2695     37.69%     37.69% |        2055     28.74%     66.42% |         713      9.97%     76.39% |        1688     23.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         7151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        1552     26.27%     26.27% |        1993     33.73%     59.99% |        1107     18.73%     78.73% |        1257     21.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         5909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         171     10.09%     10.09% |         924     54.51%     64.60% |         207     12.21%     76.81% |         393     23.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          57     10.09%     10.09% |         308     54.51%     64.60% |          69     12.21%     76.81% |         131     23.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          565                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         646      9.66%      9.66% |        2437     36.43%     46.08% |        2364     35.34%     81.42% |        1243     18.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         6690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        2586     29.35%     29.35% |        2723     30.91%     60.26% |        1590     18.05%     78.31% |        1911     21.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         8810                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          33     12.45%     12.45% |          97     36.60%     49.06% |         112     42.26%     91.32% |          23      8.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           3      2.40%      2.40% |           7      5.60%      8.00% |          93     74.40%     82.40% |          22     17.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total          125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        3336     12.69%     12.69% |        3093     11.77%     24.46% |        3038     11.56%     36.02% |       16817     63.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        26284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        4383      0.27%      0.27% |     1610111     97.82%     98.08% |        8258      0.50%     98.59% |       23277      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1646029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         371      6.13%      6.13% |        1441     23.79%     29.92% |         515      8.50%     38.42% |        3729     61.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         6056                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         757      5.58%      5.58% |        5993     44.21%     49.79% |        1279      9.43%     59.23% |        5527     40.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        13556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        3754      0.36%      0.36% |     1030723     97.83%     98.18% |        8990      0.85%     99.04% |       10152      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1053619                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       11755      0.24%      0.24% |     4840799     98.40%     98.64% |       24743      0.50%     99.15% |       42035      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      4919332                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        3185     13.98%     13.98% |       13169     57.80%     71.78% |        3737     16.40%     88.18% |        2692     11.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        22783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |         344      3.77%      3.77% |        6564     71.85%     75.61% |         612      6.70%     82.31% |        1616     17.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         9136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        5711     22.43%     22.43% |        8133     31.94%     54.36% |        7117     27.95%     82.31% |        4504     17.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        25465                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        4386      0.27%      0.27% |     1610118     97.81%     98.08% |        8351      0.51%     98.58% |       23299      1.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1646154                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           3      1.46%      1.46% |         177     85.92%     87.38% |          21     10.19%     97.57% |           5      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         237      8.63%      8.63% |        1150     41.86%     50.49% |         890     32.40%     82.89% |         470     17.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         2747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |          19     37.25%     37.25% |          25     49.02%     86.27% |           5      9.80%     96.08% |           2      3.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total           51                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        3220     24.09%     24.09% |        3399     25.43%     49.52% |        3492     26.13%     75.65% |        3255     24.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total        13366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         524     14.29%     14.29% |        1274     34.74%     49.03% |        1134     30.92%     79.96% |         735     20.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         3667                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        6053     17.73%     17.73% |       14559     42.65%     60.39% |        7726     22.63%     83.02% |        5795     16.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        34133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           2      0.43%      0.43% |         138     29.49%     29.91% |           3      0.64%     30.56% |         325     69.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4330     89.26%     89.26% |           1      0.02%     89.28% |         520     10.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         4851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         122     95.31%     95.31% |           1      0.78%     96.09% |           5      3.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         724     99.18%     99.18% |           0      0.00%     99.18% |           6      0.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total          730                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2611547     99.85%     99.85% |           5      0.00%     99.85% |        3969      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      2615521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       18087     11.57%     11.57% |       88588     56.67%     68.24% |       21811     13.95%     82.19% |       27833     17.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       156319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1233      4.36%      4.36% |       18043     63.80%     68.16% |        1414      5.00%     73.16% |        7589     26.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        28279                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        2888      0.36%      0.36% |      796877     99.02%     99.38% |        2416      0.30%     99.68% |        2591      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       804772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1823      0.03%      0.03% |     5564256     98.67%     98.71% |        6601      0.12%     98.82% |       66331      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      5639011                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
