
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.391961                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3391961168500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56542928356501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 109070                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   182831                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              241104992                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1885564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14068.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1534435250                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2572144503                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      5129024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           5129024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       661312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         661312                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        80141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              80141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        10333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             10333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1512112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1512112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       194964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              194964                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1707076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1707076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      80141                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     10333                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    80141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   10333                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               5085376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  43648                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 655424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                5129024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              661312                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   682                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   85                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             8999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             7730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             7804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             7040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            6237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            7912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            7841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            7311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3391961185000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                80141                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               10333                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  79015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   624                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        27693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   207.303795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   116.773670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   291.072200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        16963     61.25%     61.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5317     19.20%     80.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1310      4.73%     85.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          626      2.26%     87.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          289      1.04%     88.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          314      1.13%     89.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          163      0.59%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          160      0.58%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2551      9.21%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        27693                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    129.985342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   937.184965                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          609     99.19%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.16%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.16%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.16%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.16%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.16%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.679153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.617543                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.571459                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             482     78.50%     78.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              56      9.12%     87.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              40      6.51%     94.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              26      4.23%     98.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.81%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.16%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               2      0.33%     99.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.16%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   598299500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2088155750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 397295000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     7529.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               26279.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   57573                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   4434                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               43.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  37491004.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               113929200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                62163750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              346320000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              32037120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        221826752160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         93189834945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1956006632250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2271577669425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.848090                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3251716402250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 113265100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26979951750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               116514720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                63574500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              339432600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              34544880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        221826752160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         92945805120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1956220693500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2271547317480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.839153                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3252613215000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 113265100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26084703750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      5009408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           5009408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       626880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         626880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        78272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              78272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         9795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              9795                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1476847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1476847                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       184813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              184813                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1661661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1661661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      78272                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      9795                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    78272                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    9795                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4981440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  27968                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 623936                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                5009408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              626880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   437                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             8865                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             7630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             6859                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            6224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            7809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            7715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            7145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3391960930500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                78272                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                9795                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  77377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   591                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   605                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   588                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   589                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   587                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        26069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.025663                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.056778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   298.063559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15595     59.82%     59.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5143     19.73%     79.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1265      4.85%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          554      2.13%     86.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          317      1.22%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          313      1.20%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          168      0.64%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          154      0.59%     90.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2560      9.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        26069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    133.784247                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   961.028943                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          580     99.32%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.17%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          584                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.693493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.637668                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.471359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             449     76.88%     76.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.17%     77.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              58      9.93%     86.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              42      7.19%     94.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              25      4.28%     98.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      1.03%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.17%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.17%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          584                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   575069999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2034476249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 389175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     7388.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               26138.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   57084                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   4432                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               45.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  38515686.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               107397360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                58599750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              339105000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              30430080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        221826752160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         92692629360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1956442777500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2271497691210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.824541                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3252453735251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 113265100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  26242633749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               110754000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                60431250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              333871200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              32950800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        221826752160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         92745074205                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1956396773250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2271506606865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.827167                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3252912251000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 113265100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  25785667750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6783519749                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   48519706                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     85714575                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             75185419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19654241                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1315248                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6411525                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    75185419                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19654241                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          154138595                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          56142512                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27210082                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14481510                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            57879074                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           23510683                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     20377155                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   13755590                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   6621565                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              6576987293.322191                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              206532455.677809                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.030446                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.969554                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          8705338                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               222736      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 56052052     65.39%     65.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  245270      0.29%     65.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   843350      0.98%     66.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7916184      9.24%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.07%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                13755590     16.05%     92.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                6621565      7.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  85714623                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6783435995                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  643599873                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1072273133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            822429874                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             404846330                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   14956022                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     73082734                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   822429874                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    404846330                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1728480604                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         558818807                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           642560014                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          330470215                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           616779686                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          237700918                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    268480159                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  198964962                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  69515197                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3892183278.910123                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2891252716.089876                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.426222                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.573778                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         98484215                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1418545      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                623240527     58.12%     58.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1882080      0.18%     58.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  7386692      0.69%     59.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              169487756     15.81%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 377498      0.04%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               198964962     18.56%     93.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               69515197      6.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1072273257                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6783873846                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3003680                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      6363458                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              6237923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                   154                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     167898                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       508442                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     6237923                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                          154                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           12392204                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           5138696                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                 258                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                126                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3856124                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1982640                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1420780                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     889387                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    531393                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              6769608804.012250                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              14265041.987750                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002103                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997897                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           728295                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                98677      1.55%      1.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4796264     75.37%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   14181      0.22%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    33461      0.53%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                    120      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  889387     13.98%     91.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 531393      8.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   6363483                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6789453725                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  837732188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1404854874                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1069401232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             541102856                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   19637112                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     93560485                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1069401232                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    541102856                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2281851030                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         728921326                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           860198255                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          445071004                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           783484990                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          294690341                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    359760297                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  268068808                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  91691489                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3065983094.482465                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3723470630.517535                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.548420                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.451580                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        126296024                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1970360      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                807715755     57.49%     57.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2633977      0.19%     57.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 11451499      0.82%     58.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              220690300     15.71%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 632782      0.05%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               268068808     19.08%     93.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               91691489      6.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1404854970                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  800                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 800                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                4898                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               4898                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          956                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2726                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1330                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1760                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   11602                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          538                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4078                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          758                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4307                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4139                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    17000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3589000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                20497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              114500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2253964                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2357115                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2246977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2361025                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              158910                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             2099000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1982500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           45                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       184320                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           45                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              281399891                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.084939                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.819808                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   278412732     98.94%     98.94% |        8037      0.00%     98.94% |     2978472      1.06%    100.00% |         191      0.00%    100.00% |         425      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                281399891                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   2883886317                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000261                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2883886121    100.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   2883886317                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     2883886317                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.368945                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.101205                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.312974                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  2883850357    100.00%    100.00% |       33751      0.00%    100.00% |         614      0.00%    100.00% |         781      0.00%    100.00% |         583      0.00%    100.00% |         214      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       2883886317                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2736233877                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2736233877    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2736233877                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    147652440                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.206088                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.572844                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.431151                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   147616480     99.98%     99.98% |       33751      0.02%    100.00% |         614      0.00%    100.00% |         781      0.00%    100.00% |         583      0.00%    100.00% |         214      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    147652440                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits     17367333                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      3010568                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses     20377901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits     66897160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses      1642615                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses     68539775                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    233102432                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     40443701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    273546133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    908544667                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     24379316                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    932923983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1258564                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       161634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1420198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      3707471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       207117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      3914588                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits    312826769                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses     52220133                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses    365046902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits   1192529481                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses     25587356                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses   1218116837                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits       4127002                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       526181                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      4653183                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      52243612                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses     12579405                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     64823017                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        290150                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        78601                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       368751                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits      63879474                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses     13928015                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses     77807489                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     27022582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        89620                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     27112202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.027467                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       526181                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       537596                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       496197                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       477272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78429                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          604                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       385915                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      4209448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       145664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38706912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3969576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3818176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5646888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        43488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3087320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.631586                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0     12579405                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14842                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12584157                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11601569                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2     11591775                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1344318                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10237718                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0    100635240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    906059304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     92812552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     92734200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96790896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        29304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     81901744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003959                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        78601                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20654                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        88043                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40338                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        34350                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        10348                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9687                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       628808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6339096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       322704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       274800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       745056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        41256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        77496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.699156                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0     13928015                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13562                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13932748                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12747356                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2     12737007                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1521237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11207237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0    111424120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1003157856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    101978848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    101896056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    109529064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     89657896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     1.363631                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     27178685                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44951                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27180116                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24899868                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24840404                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2954332                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     21840557                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    217429480                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       359608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1956968352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    199198944                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    198723232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    212711904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       128448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    174724456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.003433                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        34074                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        89401                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1        43539                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47817                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0       272592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6436872                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       348312                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       382536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.003333                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        32409                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        86941                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        40635                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       259272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6259752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       325080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.003430                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.210467                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     27178685                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        67266                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27295749                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24934751                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24840404                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2954332                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     21935933                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0    217429480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       538128                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1965293928                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    199478008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    198723232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    212711904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       128448                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    175487464                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        81536055                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       179483                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     81887247                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    149325465                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      8868348                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     65816439                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        652288440                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1435864                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5895881784                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1194603720                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    638521056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    526531512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.038264                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       520687                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       487254                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       145664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37489464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3898032                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016670                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       526181                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        16909                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8943                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       477272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78429                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          604                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       385915                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      4209448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1217448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        71544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3818176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5646888                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        43488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3087320                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.919777                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14842                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12576398                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11591488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118736                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    905500656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     92731904                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.343395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     12579405                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7759                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        10081                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     11591775                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1344318                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          407                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10237718                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    100635240                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       558648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        80648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     92734200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     96790896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        29304                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     81901744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005413                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20654                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        76374                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26475                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5498928                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       211800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002505                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        78601                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11669                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13863                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        34350                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        10348                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          573                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         9687                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       628808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       840168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       110904                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       274800                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       745056                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        41256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        77496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     1.017701                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13562                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13925400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12737898                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108496                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1002628800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    101903184                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.380612                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     13928015                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7348                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9458                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     12737007                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1521237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11207237                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    111424120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       529056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        75664                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    101896056                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    109529064                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        14400                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     89657896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.746176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     27112202                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        87031                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58571                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24840404                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2954332                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     21840557                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    216897616                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6266232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       468568                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    198723232                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    212711904                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       128448                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    174724456                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     1.981085                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        66483                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        44951                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27093085                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     24841297                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       531864                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       359608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1950702120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    198730376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001323                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        34074                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8950                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17111                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47817                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       272592                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       644400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       136888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       382536                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005542                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        80451                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26428                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5792472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       211424                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001265                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        32409                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8413                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15954                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47559                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       259272                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       605736                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       127632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005402                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        78528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        24681                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5654016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       197448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11520                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006157                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92496                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659712                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000703                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95376                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       763008                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.038264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        18208                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       520687                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       487254                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       145664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     37489464                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3898032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.919777                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        14842                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12576398                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11591488                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       118736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    905500656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     92731904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005413                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20654                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        76374                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26475                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       165232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5498928                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       211800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     1.017701                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        13562                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13925400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12737898                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       108496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1002628800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    101903184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.746176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     27112202                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        87031                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        58571                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     24840404                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      2954332                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         1784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     21840557                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0    216897616                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6266232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       468568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    198723232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    212711904                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       128448                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    174724456                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.001323                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0        34074                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8950                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17111                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47817                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0       272592                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       644400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       136888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       382536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.001265                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0        32409                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         8413                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        15954                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47559                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0       259272                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       605736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       127632                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380472                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.006157                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659712                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        23040                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      76747495                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.308343                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.540420                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    73790806     96.15%     96.15% |        1437      0.00%     96.15% |     2954634      3.85%    100.00% |         172      0.00%    100.00% |         413      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        76747495                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     199741800                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001188                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.093441                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   199711330     99.98%     99.98% |        6600      0.00%     99.99% |       23838      0.01%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       199741800                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       4910596                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000005                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.003126                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     4910584    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         4910596                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    489795567                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.262651                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.383735                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      4.241806                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   489765150     99.99%     99.99% |       28653      0.01%    100.00% |         517      0.00%    100.00% |         613      0.00%    100.00% |         462      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     489795567                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    405984303                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   405984303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    405984303                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     83811264                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.378972                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.672959                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.747194                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    83780847     99.96%     99.96% |       28653      0.03%    100.00% |         517      0.00%    100.00% |         613      0.00%    100.00% |         462      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     83811264                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    167549599                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.505466                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.142495                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.758320                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   167546887    100.00%    100.00% |        2427      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     167549599                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    155621082                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   155621082    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    155621082                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11928517                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.099843                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.495793                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.749106                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    11925805     99.98%     99.98% |        2427      0.02%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |         110      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11928517                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   2223495183                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.161872                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.044321                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.473126                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  2223492615    100.00%    100.00% |        2419      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   2223495183                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   2171678779                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  2171678779    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   2171678779                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     51816404                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.946111                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.429658                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.782117                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    51813836    100.00%    100.00% |        2419      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     51816404                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1435866                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.466610                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.115184                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.210734                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1435712     99.99%     99.99% |          25      0.00%     99.99% |         123      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1435866                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1355376                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1355376    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1355376                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        80490                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.323891                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.992259                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    10.885664                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       80336     99.81%     99.81% |          25      0.03%     99.84% |         123      0.15%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        80490                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       805051                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.338467                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.050535                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.685650                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      804917     99.98%     99.98% |         129      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       805051                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       789286                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      789286    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       789286                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        15765                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.284047                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.397906                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.020340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       15631     99.15%     99.15% |         129      0.82%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        15765                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       805051                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      805051    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       805051                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       805051                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      805051    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       805051                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       34074     51.25%     51.25% |       32409     48.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        66483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        8950     51.55%     51.55% |        8413     48.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        17363                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       80141     50.59%     50.59% |       78272     49.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       158413                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       10333     51.34%     51.34% |        9795     48.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        20128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       46377     50.14%     50.14% |       46119     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1440     50.00%     50.00% |        1440     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2880                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       17111     51.75%     51.75% |       15954     48.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        33065                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       34074     51.25%     51.25% |       32409     48.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        66483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       46067     50.11%     50.11% |       45863     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91930                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1383     50.02%     50.02% |        1382     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2765                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       46067     50.11%     50.11% |       45863     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        91930                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1383     50.02%     50.02% |        1382     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2765                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        8583     51.45%     51.45% |        8099     48.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        16682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         310     54.77%     54.77% |         256     45.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          566                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          57     49.57%     49.57% |          58     50.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          115                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       17111     51.75%     51.75% |       15954     48.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        33065                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       34074     51.25%     51.25% |       32409     48.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        66483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        8583     51.45%     51.45% |        8099     48.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        16682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         310     54.77%     54.77% |         256     45.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          566                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         310     54.77%     54.77% |         256     45.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          566                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          57     49.57%     49.57% |          58     50.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          115                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          57     49.57%     49.57% |          58     50.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          115                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2880                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2880                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |    13593846      2.78%      2.78% |   203083282     41.46%     44.24% |      826349      0.17%     44.41% |   272292090     55.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    489795567                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    68539775      3.08%      3.08% |   932923983     41.96%     45.04% |     3914588      0.18%     45.22% |  1218116837     54.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2223495183                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     6784055      3.98%      3.98% |    70462851     41.30%     45.28% |      593849      0.35%     45.63% |    92754812     54.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    170595567                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |      129970      2.68%      2.68% |     2122473     43.82%     46.51% |       55474      1.15%     47.65% |     2535413     52.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      4843330                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     4568591      3.16%      3.16% |    63535511     43.90%     47.05% |      359040      0.25%     47.30% |    76271250     52.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total    144734392                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      260441      2.29%      2.29% |     4518338     39.80%     42.10% |      248666      2.19%     44.29% |     6324372     55.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total     11351817                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     4392742      3.22%      3.22% |    60304679     44.24%     47.47% |      120085      0.09%     47.55% |    71483117     52.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total    136300623                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     2499926      2.98%      2.98% |    35532471     42.40%     45.38% |      118753      0.14%     45.52% |    45660114     54.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     83811264                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     1642615      3.17%      3.17% |    24379316     47.05%     50.22% |      207117      0.40%     50.62% |    25587356     49.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     51816404                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      506185      4.21%      4.21% |     4908502     40.86%     45.07% |       40909      0.34%     45.41% |     6557568     54.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     12013164                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       49819      2.57%      2.57% |      837693     43.25%     45.82% |       47733      2.46%     48.29% |     1001651     51.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total      1936896                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      115214      1.12%      1.12% |     4760801     46.20%     47.32% |      123703      1.20%     48.52% |     5305318     51.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     10305036                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3628688      1.05%      1.05% |   122666377     35.60%     36.66% |     3565241      1.03%     37.69% |   214661701     62.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    344522007                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4457     38.40%     38.40% |        2728     23.50%     61.90% |        1972     16.99%     78.89% |        2451     21.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        11608                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1913      0.55%      0.55% |      152913     43.77%     44.32% |        3120      0.89%     45.21% |      191421     54.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       349367                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      254082      2.31%      2.31% |     4362702     39.69%     42.01% |      243534      2.22%     44.22% |     6130522     55.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total     10990840                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     4933962      1.95%      1.95% |   103303438     40.77%     42.71% |      137433      0.05%     42.77% |   145021921     57.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    253396754                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |    63268472      3.46%      3.46% |   785878290     43.01%     46.47% |      142230      0.01%     46.48% |   977867780     53.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1827156772                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      294908      4.59%      4.59% |     2655285     41.30%     45.89% |       22689      0.35%     46.24% |     3456331     53.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      6429213                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       59561      2.86%      2.86% |      925770     44.42%     47.28% |        1983      0.10%     47.38% |     1096684     52.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total      2083998                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |     3527631      3.05%      3.05% |    51812390     44.76%     47.80% |       52576      0.05%     47.85% |    60370034     52.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total    115762631                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     6044744      4.25%      4.25% |    59486572     41.81%     46.06% |      446460      0.31%     46.37% |    76304737     53.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    142282513                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5978505      3.93%      3.93% |    62896336     41.34%     45.27% |      528279      0.35%     45.62% |    82738462     54.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    152141582                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       18677      3.95%      3.95% |      206097     43.57%     47.51% |        2638      0.56%     48.07% |      245657     51.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       473069                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      786878      4.38%      4.38% |     7360419     40.93%     45.31% |       62930      0.35%     45.66% |     9770694     54.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     17980921                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      211825      2.50%      2.50% |     3068155     36.28%     38.79% |      200090      2.37%     41.15% |     4976155     58.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      8456225                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |     1430790      3.30%      3.30% |    21311161     49.15%     52.45% |        7027      0.02%     52.47% |    20611201     47.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     43360179                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       48616      1.68%      1.68% |     1450183     50.08%     51.76% |       48576      1.68%     53.44% |     1348217     46.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2895592                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2451310      3.03%      3.03% |    34082288     42.12%     45.15% |       70177      0.09%     45.24% |    44311897     54.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     80915672                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      506185      4.21%      4.21% |     4908502     40.86%     45.07% |       40909      0.34%     45.41% |     6557568     54.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     12013164                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        4457     38.40%     38.40% |        2728     23.50%     61.90% |        1972     16.99%     78.89% |        2451     21.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        11608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4142541      3.05%      3.05% |    59911787     44.17%     47.23% |      325870      0.24%     47.47% |    71247470     52.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    135627668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      510642      4.25%      4.25% |     4911230     40.84%     45.09% |       42881      0.36%     45.45% |     6560019     54.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     12024772                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     4314509      3.23%      3.23% |    59172809     44.24%     47.47% |      115506      0.09%     47.56% |    70140728     52.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total    133743552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |       18677      3.95%      3.95% |      206097     43.57%     47.51% |        2638      0.56%     48.07% |      245657     51.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total       473069                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        9547     21.63%     21.63% |       10488     23.77%     45.40% |       14436     32.71%     78.11% |        9658     21.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        44129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      250716      2.60%      2.60% |     4233758     43.89%     46.49% |       98042      1.02%     47.51% |     5063286     52.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      9645802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        9224     22.58%     22.58% |       11188     27.38%     49.96% |       12906     31.59%     81.55% |        7540     18.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        40858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      515197      1.90%      1.90% |    12568917     46.43%     48.33% |       66394      0.25%     48.58% |    13919873     51.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     27070381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         413     15.95%     15.95% |         949     36.66%     52.61% |         767     29.63%     82.23% |         460     17.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2589                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        8248     40.14%     40.14% |        3405     16.57%     56.71% |        5451     26.53%     83.24% |        3444     16.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        20548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1624     39.69%     39.69% |         936     22.87%     62.56% |         418     10.22%     72.78% |        1114     27.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      406944      1.79%      1.79% |    10630661     46.82%     48.61% |       17951      0.08%     48.69% |    11649981     51.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     22705537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        3909     19.02%     19.02% |        4847     23.59%     42.61% |        8001     38.94%     81.55% |        3791     18.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        20548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      108210      2.48%      2.48% |     1939954     44.41%     46.88% |       50004      1.14%     48.03% |     2270514     51.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4368682                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |      111293      2.55%      2.55% |     1916376     43.85%     46.40% |       52836      1.21%     47.61% |     2289756     52.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      4370261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       15792     51.29%     51.29% |        5509     17.89%     69.18% |        3795     12.33%     81.50% |        5695     18.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        30791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        7118     40.83%     40.83% |        3943     22.62%     63.44% |        2645     15.17%     78.61% |        3729     21.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      464344      1.87%      1.87% |    11582036     46.71%     48.58% |       20035      0.08%     48.66% |    12728474     51.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     24794889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      459762      1.84%      1.84% |    11623138     46.50%     48.34% |       70203      0.28%     48.62% |    12844780     51.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     24997883                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       60925      2.90%      2.90% |      953260     45.37%     48.27% |        6171      0.29%     48.57% |     1080620     51.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2100976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        4419     24.09%     24.09% |        3948     21.53%     45.62% |        5126     27.95%     73.57% |        4848     26.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        18341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      204086      2.25%      2.25% |     3524975     38.94%     41.19% |      195305      2.16%     43.35% |     5128819     56.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9053185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        4561     37.35%     37.35% |        2889     23.66%     61.01% |        2201     18.02%     79.04% |        2560     20.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        12211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       50095      2.21%      2.21% |      986062     43.40%     45.61% |       45792      2.02%     47.62% |     1189910     52.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2271859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1637     11.36%     11.36% |        4544     31.55%     42.91% |        5061     35.14%     78.05% |        3162     21.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        14404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        3537     56.27%     56.27% |         886     14.09%     70.36% |        1109     17.64%     88.01% |         754     11.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         6286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         933     82.42%     82.42% |         118     10.42%     92.84% |          26      2.30%     95.14% |          55      4.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        4522     18.85%     18.85% |        6123     25.53%     44.38% |        8735     36.42%     80.79% |        4607     19.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        23987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       50853      2.23%      2.23% |      986881     43.37%     45.60% |       46359      2.04%     47.64% |     1191399     52.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total      2275492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |      368969      1.69%      1.69% |    10264022     46.95%     48.63% |       16835      0.08%     48.71% |    11213520     51.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total     21863346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |       37862      4.50%      4.50% |      366482     43.54%     48.04% |        1016      0.12%     48.16% |      436365     51.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       841725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         117     24.89%     24.89% |         156     33.19%     58.09% |         130     27.66%     85.74% |          67     14.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           2     11.76%     11.76% |          10     58.82%     70.59% |           2     11.76%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |       37619      4.48%      4.48% |      365339     43.54%     48.02% |         943      0.11%     48.14% |      435177     51.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       839078                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           2     22.22%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           4     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          62     20.67%     20.67% |         102     34.00%     54.67% |          90     30.00%     84.67% |          46     15.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     3945540      3.53%      3.53% |    48908787     43.72%     47.24% |       98671      0.09%     47.33% |    58927208     52.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total    111880206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       37401      2.19%      2.19% |      764335     44.72%     46.90% |        2213      0.13%     47.03% |      905368     52.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1709317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2858     51.45%     51.45% |         894     16.09%     67.54% |        1262     22.72%     90.26% |         541      9.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3475156      3.42%      3.42% |    44762788     44.07%     47.49% |       59253      0.06%     47.55% |    53273117     52.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    101570314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      444223      4.48%      4.48% |     3954963     39.91%     44.39% |       34483      0.35%     44.74% |     5476784     55.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      9910453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         604     33.86%     33.86% |         407     22.81%     56.67% |         573     32.12%     88.79% |         200     11.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total         1784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      426725      1.78%      1.78% |    11216697     46.82%     48.60% |       19092      0.08%     48.68% |    12293297     51.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     23955811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         410     15.89%     15.89% |         947     36.71%     52.60% |         767     29.73%     82.33% |         456     17.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        8186     40.43%     40.43% |        3303     16.31%     56.74% |        5361     26.48%     83.22% |        3398     16.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        20248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      406944      1.79%      1.79% |    10630661     46.82%     48.61% |       17951      0.08%     48.69% |    11649981     51.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     22705537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        3909     19.02%     19.02% |        4847     23.59%     42.61% |        8001     38.94%     81.55% |        3791     18.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        20548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       48909      2.15%      2.15% |      987630     43.47%     45.63% |       44251      1.95%     47.57% |     1191008     52.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      2271798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1624     39.69%     39.69% |         936     22.87%     62.56% |         418     10.22%     72.78% |        1114     27.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       59301      2.83%      2.83% |      952324     45.42%     48.24% |        5753      0.27%     48.52% |     1079506     51.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2096884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       15792     51.29%     51.29% |        5509     17.89%     69.18% |        3795     12.33%     81.50% |        5695     18.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        30791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        7118     40.83%     40.83% |        3943     22.62%     63.44% |        2645     15.17%     78.61% |        3729     21.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        17435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      464344      1.87%      1.87% |    11582036     46.71%     48.58% |       20035      0.08%     48.66% |    12728474     51.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     24794889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       50095      2.21%      2.21% |      986062     43.40%     45.61% |       45792      2.02%     47.62% |     1189910     52.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2271859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1637     11.36%     11.36% |        4544     31.55%     42.91% |        5061     35.14%     78.05% |        3162     21.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        14404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       51732      2.26%      2.26% |      990606     43.33%     45.59% |       50853      2.22%     47.82% |     1193072     52.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total      2286263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         293     10.50%     10.50% |        1185     42.46%     52.96% |         111      3.98%     56.93% |        1202     43.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         2791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       37862      4.50%      4.50% |      366482     43.54%     48.04% |        1016      0.12%     48.16% |      436365     51.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       841725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         117     24.89%     24.89% |         156     33.19%     58.09% |         130     27.66%     85.74% |          67     14.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |       37686      4.49%      4.49% |      365453     43.54%     48.03% |        1035      0.12%     48.15% |      435230     51.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       839404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |       18384      3.91%      3.91% |      204912     43.57%     47.48% |        2527      0.54%     48.02% |      244455     51.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       470278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       37401      2.19%      2.19% |      764335     44.72%     46.90% |        2213      0.13%     47.03% |      905368     52.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1709317                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2858     51.45%     51.45% |         894     16.09%     67.54% |        1262     22.72%     90.26% |         541      9.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         5555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |       21875      1.76%      1.76% |      560317     45.02%     46.78% |         948      0.08%     46.85% |      661454     53.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1244594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       24997903      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2100977      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        13343      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       24794889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        16240      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        33507      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         66483      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          50428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          12333      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         9999      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               4867      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           2595      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          20548      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     24819856      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1362      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        56703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         9780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS      2271798      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4092      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        13343      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          436      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         2038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv          104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     22648834      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2084515      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        15207      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        30413      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        20548      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         2589      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     24794889      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          597      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         1056      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        50428      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          719      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           24      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          442      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           4197      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         2038      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            670      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv          104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        56703      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         9780      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        17435      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     24802421      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        11168      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         9371      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        20539      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  3.421611                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                3421610596000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               56572577784001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 109012                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   182964                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              240980155                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2103676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 14198.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1547830685                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    2597857681                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      7727104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           7727104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1429248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        1429248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       120736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             120736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        22332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             22332                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2258324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              2258324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       417712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              417712                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2676036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             2676036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     120736                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     22332                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   120736                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   22332                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               7680320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  46784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                1424000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                7727104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             1429248                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   731                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   85                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             9971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            10467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             9123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             5224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            9550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           10656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           10070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            9906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             1628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             1112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             1362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             1018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             1169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             1652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             1352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            1091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            1756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            1540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 3421605666500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               120736                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               22332                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 118824                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                   171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                  1350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                  1366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                  1392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                  1370                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                  1377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                  1387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                  1366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                  1362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                  1365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                  1362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                  1366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                  1364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                  1366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                  1362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                  1362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                  1362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        44567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   204.286759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   119.128819                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   276.719391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26137     58.65%     58.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9262     20.78%     79.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2545      5.71%     85.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1250      2.80%     87.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          686      1.54%     89.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          584      1.31%     90.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          391      0.88%     91.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          321      0.72%     92.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3391      7.61%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        44567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     88.593819                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   631.598164                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         1354     99.63%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.07%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.07%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.07%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.07%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         1359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.372333                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.338622                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.153722                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16            1184     87.12%     87.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               3      0.22%     87.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              93      6.84%     94.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              40      2.94%     97.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              29      2.13%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      0.37%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.07%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               2      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.07%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.07%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         1359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1024194231                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3274287981                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 600025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     8534.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               27284.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        2.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     2.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   87264                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  10425                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                72.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               46.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  23915939.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   68.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy               171755640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                93715875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              493747800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              63037440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        223763348640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         99669917565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        1968112373250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          2292367896210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.127974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3271808877500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF 114255180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  35545341750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy               186255720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy               101627625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              508271400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              81362880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        223763348640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        100657735830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        1967245866000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          2292544468095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.179514                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3270901260750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF 114255180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  36456618000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7583936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           7583936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1382144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        1382144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       118499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             118499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        21596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             21596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2216481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              2216481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       403945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              403945                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2620427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             2620427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     118499                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     21596                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   118499                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   21596                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               7553408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  30528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                1378880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                7583936                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             1382144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   477                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   43                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            12042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             9885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            10246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             8951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             5013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             5195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            9451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           10608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            9934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            9770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             1044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             1216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             1020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             1605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             1323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            1960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            1737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            1454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 3421609314500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               118499                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               21596                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 116845                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   171                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                  1307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                  1326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                  1353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                  1325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                  1337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                  1340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                  1324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                  1325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                  1322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                  1323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                  1324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                  1321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                  1320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                  1319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                  1319                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                  1318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        42541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.971933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.786524                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   281.732811                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24412     57.38%     57.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9070     21.32%     78.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2486      5.84%     84.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1169      2.75%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          716      1.68%     88.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          586      1.38%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          362      0.85%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          346      0.81%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3394      7.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        42541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     89.831435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   641.722764                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023         1313     99.70%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-3071            1      0.08%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.08%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.08%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         1317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.359150                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.328715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.081455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16            1151     87.40%     87.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.08%     87.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              86      6.53%     94.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              44      3.34%     97.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              25      1.90%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               6      0.46%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.08%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         1317                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   995954973                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3208867473                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 590110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     8438.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27188.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        2.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     2.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   86571                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  10456                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                73.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               48.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  24423493.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   69.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               163469880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                89194875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              484598400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              60315840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        223763348640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         99286666380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        1968448558500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          2292296152515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.107032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3272379775752                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF 114255180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  34974897248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy               179209800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                97783125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              501836400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              79503120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        223763348640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        100477740375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        1967403756750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          2292503178210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.167462                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3271169357001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF 114255180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  36188521749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      6843623831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   51622536                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     91567098                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             80963036                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              19670334                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1433226                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      6861363                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    80963036                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     19670334                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          165585020                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          60780061                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            27236205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14494235                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            60872873                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           25568784                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     21653531                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   14508168                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   7145363                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              6620971169.457179                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              222652661.542821                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.032534                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.967466                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          9343523                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass               241966      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 60590264     66.17%     66.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                  248329      0.27%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                   847230      0.93%     67.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                7928212      8.66%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                  57876      0.06%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                14508168     15.84%     92.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                7145363      7.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  91567456                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      6843505493                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  652033461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   1088594919                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            837640348                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             406192128                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   15228909                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     74185003                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   837640348                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    406192128                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1759117502                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         570773811                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           644719373                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          331622101                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           625253338                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          242604601                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    272256211                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  201114380                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  71141831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3910263363.818754                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2933242129.181246                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.428617                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.571383                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         99996005                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1497622      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                634678110     58.30%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 1886989      0.17%     58.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                  7387682      0.68%     59.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              170511094     15.66%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                 377498      0.03%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               201114380     18.47%     93.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               71141831      6.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                1088595222                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      6843221212                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    4071324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      8377723                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              8219134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3262                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     215634                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       660767                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     8219134                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         3262                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           16454498                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           6721872                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                5319                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               2571                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             4931502                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2654619                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1918438                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                    1189550                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    728888                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              6822991290.986881                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              20229921.013118                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002956                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997044                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           945107                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass               112641      1.34%      1.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  6293487     75.12%     76.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                   15594      0.19%     76.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    35332      0.42%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   2462      0.03%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                 1189550     14.20%     91.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 728888      8.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   8377954                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      6842619554                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                  838523561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                   1406379478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses           1070897773                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses             541110764                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                   19676709                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts     93670785                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                  1070897773                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                    541110764                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads         2284900793                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes         730114503                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads           860211129                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes          445077288                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads           784270766                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes          295170243                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                    360138620                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                  268299143                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                  91839477                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              3117684823.259129                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              3724934730.740871                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.544373                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.455627                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                        126460619                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass              1981012      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                808843772     57.51%     57.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                 2635248      0.19%     57.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                 11452026      0.81%     58.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd              220696236     15.69%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     74.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                 632782      0.04%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead               268299143     19.08%     93.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite               91839477      6.53%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                1406379728                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 6126                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                6126                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7652                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7652                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               449                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              449                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        10334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        14274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1342                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         2012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          944                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          654                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          358                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   28454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         5167                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        11559                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          314                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         4024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6414                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1292                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          611                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3916                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6343                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          532                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1308                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          179                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         6043                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    32023                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              3671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2315483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             8049500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             2619455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             2786606                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             2633473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             2759520                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              637408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy            11875000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             3441500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             3643500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2958500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages         1432                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      5865472                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs         1432                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           47                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       192512                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           47                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples              565106898                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.085837                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.824265                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |   559046464     98.93%     98.93% |       19384      0.00%     98.93% |     6038367      1.07%    100.00% |         808      0.00%    100.00% |        1722      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                565106898                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   5792272229                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000441                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5792271101    100.00%    100.00% |        1128      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   5792272229                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     5792272229                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.370464                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.101133                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         2.383671                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  5792265151    100.00%    100.00% |        4261      0.00%    100.00% |        2745      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       5792272229                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   5496076167                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  5496076167    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   5496076167                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    296196062                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.244614                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.579651                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.830184                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |   296188984    100.00%    100.00% |        4261      0.00%    100.00% |        2745      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    296196062                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits     18520826                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses      3138138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses     21658964                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits     70867664                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses      1745615                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses     72613279                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits    236632431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses     40700592                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses    277333023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    920364864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     24581880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    944946744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1695288                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       226052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1921340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      5068642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       256714                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      5325356                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits    313161922                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses     52266724                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses    365428646                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits   1193530653                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses     25627907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses   1219158560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits       4283247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses       600506                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses      4883753                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      52583133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses     12699339                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     65282472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        363535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses       119231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       482766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits      63936813                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses     13957818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses     77894631                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits     27197672                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       179222                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses     27376894                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            54                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.031294                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       600506                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22799                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       613954                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       555065                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       535091                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       100099                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          908                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       418082                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      4804048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       182392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     44204688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4440520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4280728                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      7207128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        65376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3344656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.632747                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0     12699339                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21758                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12708250                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11709111                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2     11698420                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1376270                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          513                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10307206                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0    101594712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       174064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    914994000                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     93672888                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     93587360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     99091440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        36936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     82457648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.006183                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0       119231                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25083                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1       130576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        71030                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        64453                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22914                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          870                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23565                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       953848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       200664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9401472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       568240                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       515624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1649808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        62640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       188520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.694816                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0     13957818                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19153                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13966057                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12770942                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2     12759783                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1529392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11218569                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0    111662544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       153224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1005556104                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102167536                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    102078264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    110116224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     89748552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     1.370098                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0     27524199                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        61204                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27543395                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25249660                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25057747                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3028675                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2931                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     21967422                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0    220193592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       489632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1983124440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    201997280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    200461976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    218064600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       211032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    175739376                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.005532                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        74669                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1       141933                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1       112760                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47883                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0       597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10219176                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       902080                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       383064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.005411                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        72636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       138905                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       109306                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47623                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       581088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10001160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       874448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.003401                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92498                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95506                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       764048                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.211507                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0     27524199                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        88793                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27667810                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25288937                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25057747                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3028675                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2931                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     22062928                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0    220193592                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       710344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1992082320                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    202311496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    200461976                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    218064600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       211032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    176503424                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        82572597                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control       238790                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     83003378                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control    151040052                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      9094818                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     66197808                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        660580776                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control      1910320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   5976243216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control   1208320416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    654826896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    529582464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.043193                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22799                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       593893                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       543790                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       182392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42760296                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4350320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.019396                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       600506                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20061                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11275                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       535091                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       100099                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          908                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       418082                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      4804048                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1444392                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        90200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4280728                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      7207128                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        65376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3344656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.920434                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21758                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12695305                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11695211                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       174064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    914061960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     93561688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.345060                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     12699339                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        12945                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        13900                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     11698420                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1376270                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          513                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     10307206                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    101594712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       932040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       111200                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2     93587360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     99091440                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        36936                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     82457648                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.008226                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25083                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116250                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54572                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       200664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8370000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       436576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004141                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       119231                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14326                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        16458                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        64453                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22914                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          870                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        23565                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       953848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1031472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       131664                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       515624                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1649808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        62640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       188520                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     1.010999                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19153                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13954669                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12758578                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       153224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1004736168                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102068624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.378632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0     13957818                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11388                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12364                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2     12759783                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      1529392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     11218569                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0    111662544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       819936                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        98912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    102078264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    110116224                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        46080                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     89748552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.755496                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0     27376894                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       174160                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146612                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25057747                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3028675                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2931                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     21967422                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0    219015152                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12539520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1172896                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    200461976                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    218064600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       211032                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    175739376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     1.984699                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       147305                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        61204                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1     27369235                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1     25103048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1178440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       489632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1970584920                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    200824384                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002603                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        74669                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20885                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        45753                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47883                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1503720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       366024                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       383064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008461                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       121048                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        67007                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8715456                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       536056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        72636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20150                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44421                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47623                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       581088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1450800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       355368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380984                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.008294                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       118755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        64885                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8550360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       519080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        12032                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.006105                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92498                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659856                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000698                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        95506                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       764048                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.043193                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22799                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1       593893                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1       543790                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       182392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42760296                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4350320                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.920434                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2        21758                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1     12695305                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1     11695211                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       174064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    914061960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1     93561688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.008226                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2        25083                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116250                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        54572                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       200664                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8370000                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       436576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     1.010999                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2        19153                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1     13954669                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1     12758578                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       153224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1   1004736168                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1    102068624                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.755496                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0     27376894                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       174160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       146612                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2     25057747                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0      3028675                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1         2931                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     21967422                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0    219015152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12539520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1172896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2    200461976                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0    218064600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1       211032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    175739376                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.002603                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0        74669                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20885                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1        45753                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47883                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0       597352                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1503720                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       366024                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       383064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.002528                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0        72636                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20150                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        44421                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        47623                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0       581088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1450800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       355368                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       380984                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.006105                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        92498                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6659856                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        24064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples     154178233                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.311035                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.547304                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |   148188468     96.12%     96.12% |        4168      0.00%     96.12% |     5983045      3.88%    100.00% |         731      0.00%    100.00% |        1671      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total       154178233                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples     401021393                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001377                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.100651                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |   400950724     99.98%     99.98% |       15216      0.00%     99.99% |       55322      0.01%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total       401021393                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples       9907272                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000005                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.003302                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |     9907245    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total         9907272                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    982904141                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.268596                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.383469                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      4.392579                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   982898774    100.00%    100.00% |        3213      0.00%    100.00% |        2095      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     982904141                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    814911606                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   814911606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    814911606                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    167992535                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.422401                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.680282                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.198491                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |   167987168    100.00%    100.00% |        3213      0.00%    100.00% |        2095      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    167992535                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    337555298                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.510859                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.142263                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.955874                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   337545613    100.00%    100.00% |        8589      0.00%    100.00% |         254      0.00%    100.00% |         408      0.00%    100.00% |         279      0.00%    100.00% |         142      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     337555298                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    313593343                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   313593343    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    313593343                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     23961955                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     8.196546                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.512653                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.658413                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    23952270     99.96%     99.96% |        8589      0.04%    100.00% |         254      0.00%    100.00% |         408      0.00%    100.00% |         279      0.00%    100.00% |         142      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     23961955                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   4465539122                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.162180                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.044318                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.490518                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  4465529528    100.00%    100.00% |        9038      0.00%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   4465539122                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   4361510602                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  4361510602    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   4361510602                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples    104028520                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.961769                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.433107                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.930318                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |   104018926     99.99%     99.99% |        9038      0.01%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total    104028520                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2979316                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.495593                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.119753                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.576449                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     2978894     99.99%     99.99% |         402      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      2979316                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2806636                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2806636    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2806636                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       172680                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.550654                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.039252                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.321231                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      172258     99.76%     99.76% |         402      0.23%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       172680                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1647176                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.471053                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.064482                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.192402                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     1646557     99.96%     99.96% |         580      0.04%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1647176                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1606804                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1606804    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1606804                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        40372                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    20.218964                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.801191                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    27.197637                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       39753     98.47%     98.47% |         580      1.44%     99.90% |          10      0.02%     99.93% |          14      0.03%     99.96% |          11      0.03%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        40372                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1647176                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1647176    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      1647176                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1647176                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1647176    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1647176                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       74669     50.69%     50.69% |       72636     49.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       147305                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       20885     50.90%     50.90% |       20150     49.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        41035                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      120736     50.47%     50.47% |      118499     49.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       239235                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       22332     50.84%     50.84% |       21596     49.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        43928                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       46379     50.14%     50.14% |       46119     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        92498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1504     50.00%     50.00% |        1504     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         3008                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       45753     50.74%     50.74% |       44421     49.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        90174                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       74669     50.69%     50.69% |       72636     49.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       147305                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |       46067     50.11%     50.11% |       45863     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total        91930                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1447     50.02%     50.02% |        1446     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2893                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |       46067     50.11%     50.11% |       45863     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total        91930                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1447     50.02%     50.02% |        1446     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2893                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       20516     50.84%     50.84% |       19836     49.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        40352                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |         312     54.93%     54.93% |         256     45.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total          568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |          57     49.57%     49.57% |          58     50.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          115                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       45753     50.74%     50.74% |       44421     49.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        90174                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       74669     50.69%     50.69% |       72636     49.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       147305                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       20516     50.84%     50.84% |       19836     49.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        40352                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |         312     54.93%     54.93% |         256     45.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total          568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |         312     54.93%     54.93% |         256     45.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total          568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |          57     49.57%     49.57% |          58     50.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          115                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |          57     49.57%     49.57% |          58     50.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          115                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         3008                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       92498    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        92498                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        3008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         3008                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |    14320981      2.90%      2.90% |   205161163     41.61%     44.51% |     1113439      0.23%     44.74% |   272512991     55.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total    493108574                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    72613279      3.24%      3.24% |   944946744     42.15%     45.39% |     5325356      0.24%     45.62% |  1219158560     54.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total   2242043939                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |     7337983      4.24%      4.24% |    72171860     41.66%     45.90% |      807901      0.47%     46.36% |    92915655     53.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total    173233399                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |      149730      3.05%      3.05% |     2144970     43.70%     46.76% |       68755      1.40%     48.16% |     2544428     51.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total      4907883                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |     4793979      3.29%      3.29% |    63985038     43.94%     47.24% |      469340      0.32%     47.56% |    76355784     52.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total    145604141                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |      343581      2.97%      2.97% |     4575830     39.53%     42.50% |      296071      2.56%     45.05% |     6360459     54.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total     11575941                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |     4540172      3.31%      3.31% |    60706642     44.32%     47.64% |      186695      0.14%     47.77% |    71534172     52.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total    136967681                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |     2594731      3.08%      3.08% |    35728109     42.44%     45.52% |      164081      0.19%     45.72% |    45694350     54.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     84181271                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |     1745615      3.34%      3.34% |    24581880     47.08%     50.42% |      256714      0.49%     50.92% |    25627907     49.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     52212116                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |      537936      4.43%      4.43% |     4969052     40.94%     45.38% |       59472      0.49%     45.87% |     6569481     54.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total     12135941                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       65424      3.30%      3.30% |      850965     42.92%     46.22% |       57831      2.92%     49.14% |     1008463     50.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total      1982683                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      169778      1.63%      1.63% |     4795507     45.98%     47.61% |      146049      1.40%     49.01% |     5318295     50.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     10429629                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6234689      1.78%      1.78% |   124053632     35.44%     37.22% |     4487890      1.28%     38.50% |   215261513     61.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    350037724                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5471     38.27%     38.27% |        3431     24.00%     62.28% |        2499     17.48%     79.76% |        2893     20.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        14294                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3511      0.99%      0.99% |      154535     43.55%     44.54% |        4579      1.29%     45.83% |      192203     54.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       354828                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |      334605      2.99%      2.99% |     4417864     39.42%     42.41% |      288976      2.58%     44.99% |     6165357     55.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total     11206802                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     5162285      2.03%      2.03% |   103931902     40.85%     42.88% |      235147      0.09%     42.97% |   145099752     57.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total    254429086                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |    64632975      3.51%      3.51% |   796311232     43.28%     46.80% |      580752      0.03%     46.83% |   978269140     53.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total   1839794099                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |      319417      4.91%      4.91% |     2694378     41.39%     46.30% |       31771      0.49%     46.79% |     3463760     53.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total      6509326                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       60678      2.90%      2.90% |      931911     44.54%     47.44% |        2643      0.13%     47.56% |     1097250     52.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total      2092482                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |     3616661      3.11%      3.11% |    52107870     44.84%     47.95% |       90320      0.08%     48.03% |    60400790     51.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total    116215641                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     6394187      4.44%      4.44% |    60705645     42.14%     46.57% |      568162      0.39%     46.97% |    76400594     53.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total    144068588                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     6475159      4.19%      4.19% |    64504999     41.73%     45.92% |      714159      0.46%     46.38% |    82879521     53.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total    154573838                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |       20117      4.21%      4.21% |      207559     43.43%     47.64% |        3702      0.77%     48.42% |      246512     51.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total       477890                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |      842713      4.63%      4.63% |     7459304     41.03%     45.66% |       90044      0.50%     46.16% |     9789637     53.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total     18181698                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |      280118      3.24%      3.24% |     3113294     36.05%     39.29% |      238333      2.76%     42.05% |     5004773     57.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      8636518                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |     1465497      3.36%      3.36% |    21468586     49.27%     52.63% |       18381      0.04%     52.67% |    20623134     47.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     43575598                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       63463      2.16%      2.16% |     1462536     49.76%     51.91% |       57738      1.96%     53.88% |     1355686     46.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2939423                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |     2531268      3.12%      3.12% |    34265573     42.18%     45.29% |      106343      0.13%     45.42% |    44338664     54.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     81241848                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |      537936      4.43%      4.43% |     4969052     40.94%     45.38% |       59472      0.49%     45.87% |     6569481     54.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total     12135941                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        5471     38.27%     38.27% |        3431     24.00%     62.28% |        2499     17.48%     79.76% |        2893     20.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total        14294                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4340346      3.18%      3.18% |    60309989     44.22%     47.40% |      420795      0.31%     47.71% |    71322257     52.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    136393387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      543407      4.47%      4.47% |     4972483     40.92%     45.40% |       61971      0.51%     45.91% |     6572374     54.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     12150235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |     4459374      3.32%      3.32% |    59567174     44.32%     47.64% |      180364      0.13%     47.77% |    70190427     52.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total    134397339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |       20117      4.21%      4.21% |      207559     43.43%     47.64% |        3702      0.77%     48.42% |      246512     51.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total       477890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       12183     21.40%     21.40% |       14413     25.32%     46.72% |       17328     30.44%     77.16% |       13004     22.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        56928                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |      287182      2.94%      2.94% |     4275774     43.79%     46.74% |      121842      1.25%     47.98% |     5078666     52.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      9763464                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |       12278     23.48%     23.48% |       14166     27.09%     50.56% |       15668     29.96%     80.52% |       10190     19.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        52302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      586029      2.14%      2.14% |    12685626     46.43%     48.57% |      104018      0.38%     48.95% |    13947042     51.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total     27322715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1171     23.37%     23.37% |        1745     34.83%     58.20% |        1184     23.63%     81.84% |         910     18.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         5010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9446     35.17%     35.17% |        5601     20.85%     56.03% |        6571     24.47%     80.49% |        5239     19.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        26857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1774     38.88%     38.88% |        1098     24.06%     62.94% |         487     10.67%     73.61% |        1204     26.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         4563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      449641      1.97%      1.97% |    10718572     46.87%     48.83% |       36683      0.16%     48.99% |    11664951     51.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     22869847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        5385     20.05%     20.05% |        7157     26.65%     46.70% |        9324     34.72%     81.42% |        4989     18.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        26855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      137093      3.07%      3.07% |     1968478     44.15%     47.22% |       69756      1.56%     48.79% |     2283525     51.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      4458852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |      129613      2.93%      2.93% |     1937411     43.73%     46.66% |       65053      1.47%     48.13% |     2297916     51.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total      4429993                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       17222     49.61%     49.61% |        6603     19.02%     68.63% |        4625     13.32%     81.96% |        6264     18.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        34714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        8387     39.30%     39.30% |        5132     24.05%     63.35% |        3468     16.25%     79.60% |        4353     20.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        21340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      518181      2.07%      2.07% |    11683476     46.74%     48.81% |       46479      0.19%     49.00% |    12747961     51.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total     24996097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |      520441      2.06%      2.06% |    11726648     46.51%     48.57% |      100785      0.40%     48.97% |    12867975     51.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total     25215849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       73451      3.43%      3.43% |      968656     45.17%     48.60% |       15463      0.72%     49.32% |     1086694     50.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      2144264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        5420     22.14%     22.14% |        6436     26.29%     48.43% |        6280     25.65%     74.08% |        6345     25.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        24481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      269030      2.92%      2.92% |     3566507     38.67%     41.59% |      230731      2.50%     44.09% |     5156514     55.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9222782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        5633     36.56%     36.56% |        3755     24.37%     60.94% |        2946     19.12%     80.06% |        3072     19.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total        15406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       66717      2.87%      2.87% |     1000489     43.11%     45.99% |       56595      2.44%     48.42% |     1196907     51.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2320708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2217     13.20%     13.20% |        5010     29.82%     43.02% |        5815     34.61%     77.63% |        3759     22.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        16801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |        3751     52.41%     52.41% |        1247     17.42%     69.83% |        1238     17.30%     87.13% |         921     12.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         7157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         981     71.35%     71.35% |         280     20.36%     91.71% |          37      2.69%     94.40% |          77      5.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total         1375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        5845     19.83%     19.83% |        7452     25.29%     45.12% |       10167     34.50%     79.61% |        6008     20.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total        29472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       67848      2.92%      2.92% |     1002150     43.07%     45.99% |       57539      2.47%     48.46% |     1199081     51.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total      2326618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |      411152      1.87%      1.87% |    10350975     47.00%     48.86% |       35245      0.16%     49.02% |    11228208     50.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total     22025580                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |       38308      4.54%      4.54% |      367284     43.55%     48.09% |        1269      0.15%     48.24% |      436554     51.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       843415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |         175     20.35%     20.35% |         309     35.93%     56.28% |         186     21.63%     77.91% |         190     22.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           9     22.50%     22.50% |          11     27.50%     50.00% |           9     22.50%     72.50% |          11     27.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |       38004      4.52%      4.52% |      366038     43.55%     48.07% |        1157      0.14%     48.21% |      435347     51.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total       840546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           7     38.89%     38.89% |           6     33.33%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           5     27.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |         100     17.06%     17.06% |         221     37.71%     54.78% |         128     21.84%     76.62% |         137     23.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          586                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |     4048221      3.60%      3.60% |    49216198     43.80%     47.40% |      145119      0.13%     47.53% |    58962219     52.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total    112371757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |       38566      2.25%      2.25% |      770114     44.84%     47.08% |        3057      0.18%     47.26% |      905872     52.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1717609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3747     44.13%     44.13% |        1764     20.78%     64.91% |        1833     21.59%     86.50% |        1146     13.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |     3547124      3.48%      3.48% |    45015587     44.16%     47.63% |       88041      0.09%     47.72% |    53296847     52.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total    101947599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      463342      4.64%      4.64% |     3999792     40.04%     44.68% |       43525      0.44%     45.12% |     5482531     54.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total      9989190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         908     30.98%     30.98% |         513     17.50%     48.48% |         870     29.68%     78.16% |         640     21.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total         2931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |      480177      1.99%      1.99% |    11317438     46.85%     48.84% |       45322      0.19%     49.03% |    12312614     50.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total     24155551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |        1164     23.32%     23.32% |        1739     34.84%     58.15% |        1184     23.72%     81.87% |         905     18.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         4992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        9345     35.57%     35.57% |        5379     20.48%     56.05% |        6443     24.53%     80.58% |        5102     19.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total        26269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      449641      1.97%      1.97% |    10718572     46.87%     48.83% |       36683      0.16%     48.99% |    11664951     51.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total     22869847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        5385     20.05%     20.05% |        7157     26.65%     46.70% |        9324     34.72%     81.42% |        4989     18.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        26855                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       65415      2.82%      2.82% |     1000919     43.16%     45.98% |       54778      2.36%     48.34% |     1198035     51.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total      2319147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1774     38.88%     38.88% |        1098     24.06%     62.94% |         487     10.67%     73.61% |        1204     26.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         4563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       71678      3.35%      3.35% |      967559     45.22%     48.57% |       14978      0.70%     49.27% |     1085490     50.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      2139705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |       17222     49.61%     49.61% |        6603     19.02%     68.63% |        4625     13.32%     81.96% |        6264     18.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        34714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        8387     39.30%     39.30% |        5132     24.05%     63.35% |        3468     16.25%     79.60% |        4353     20.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total        21340                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      518181      2.07%      2.07% |    11683476     46.74%     48.81% |       46479      0.19%     49.00% |    12747961     51.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total     24996097                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       66717      2.87%      2.87% |     1000489     43.11%     45.99% |       56595      2.44%     48.42% |     1196907     51.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      2320708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2217     13.20%     13.20% |        5010     29.82%     43.02% |        5815     34.61%     77.63% |        3759     22.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        16801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       68934      2.95%      2.95% |     1005499     43.02%     45.96% |       62410      2.67%     48.63% |     1200666     51.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total      2337509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |         363     11.77%     11.77% |        1316     42.67%     54.44% |         161      5.22%     59.66% |        1244     40.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         3084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       38308      4.54%      4.54% |      367284     43.55%     48.09% |        1269      0.15%     48.24% |      436554     51.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       843415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         175     20.35%     20.35% |         309     35.93%     56.28% |         186     21.63%     77.91% |         190     22.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |       38120      4.53%      4.53% |      366276     43.54%     48.07% |        1294      0.15%     48.23% |      435500     51.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total       841190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.WriteBack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |       19754      4.16%      4.16% |      206243     43.44%     47.60% |        3541      0.75%     48.34% |      245268     51.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total       474806                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       38566      2.25%      2.25% |      770114     44.84%     47.08% |        3057      0.18%     47.26% |      905872     52.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total      1717609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |        3747     44.13%     44.13% |        1764     20.78%     64.91% |        1833     21.59%     86.50% |        1146     13.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         8490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |       22558      1.80%      1.80% |      565635     45.20%     47.01% |        1349      0.11%     47.11% |      661750     52.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total      1251292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_IL0.L0_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS       25216027      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        2144273      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE        16781      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX       24996097      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        39612      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        90914      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data        147305      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         131209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data          15872      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean        13914      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               9652      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           5068      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock          26855      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock     25030892      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv           1366      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS       119977      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        27328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS      2319043      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         4563      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE        16777      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          754      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         4170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.MEM_Inv          104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS     22749922      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2107367      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        37803      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        84978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv          429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS        26855      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         5010      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX     24996097      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement         1055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean         1766      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv          150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       131209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv          429      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data         1058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean          143      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv          150      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          740      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          990      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           36      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           8617      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         4170      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack           1035      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          858      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.MEM_Inv          104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data       119925      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           52      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        27328      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           76      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        21340      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           95      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock     25009552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data        14066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean        12763      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           26      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock        26829      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
