
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.752352                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                752352041500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54264202028501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 105454                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   174606                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              283712888                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1870400                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2651.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   279643839                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     463021907                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    117572928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         117572928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     64956672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       64956672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1837077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1837077                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1014948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           1014948                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    156273821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            156273821                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     86338135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            86338135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    242611955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           242611955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1837077                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   1014948                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1837077                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 1014948                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             117426944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 145984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               64955712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              117572928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            64956672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  2281                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           111524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           113905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           115953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           112904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           113715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           111548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           111985                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           112312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           119040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           124569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          118147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          116032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          113480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          115051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          115278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          109353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            61158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            61078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            61873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            62132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            63648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            63175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            63484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            63439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            67657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            67424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           66177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           65287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           62951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           62830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           61741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           60879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 752351860000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1837077                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             1014948                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1829504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 44476                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 45925                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 55585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 58831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 58661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 58162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 57792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 57615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 57608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 57610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 57669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 57742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 57882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 57700                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 58435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 57559                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 57542                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 58018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   111                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      2665745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.417167                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.342596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.664603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2547065     95.55%     95.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       112590      4.22%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1956      0.07%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          334      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          229      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          211      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          187      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          162      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3011      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      2665745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        57529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     31.916234                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.037412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        57516     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        57529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        57529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.642111                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.618405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.899350                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           11991     20.84%     20.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             985      1.71%     22.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           40424     70.27%     92.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            3909      6.79%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             197      0.34%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              19      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        57529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 41209803473                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            75612228473                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                9173980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    22460.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41210.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      156.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       86.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   156.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    86.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   91568                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  92417                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                 4.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                9.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    263795.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                    6.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              9943237080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              5425377375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             7100706600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            3239941680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         49621724880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        461559088305                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         50960417250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          587850493170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           773.764399                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77962367502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  25122760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 649265607498                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             10236187080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              5585221125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             7318552800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            3337297200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         49621724880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        462863098395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         49816557000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          588778638480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           774.986066                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77015365000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  25122760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 650216067500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117665856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         117665856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     65088576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       65088576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1838529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1838529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1017009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           1017009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    156397337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            156397337                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     86513457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            86513457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    242910794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           242910794                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1838529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   1017009                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1838529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 1017009                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             117523648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 142208                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               65087424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              117665856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            65088576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  2222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           111734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           114487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           116423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           112164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           113826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           112945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           111953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           111938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           118489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           124415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          118723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          115564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          112943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          116191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          114799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          109713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            61026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            61594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            62630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            61576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            63955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            64051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            63800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            63270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            67274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            67505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           66481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           65186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           62631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           63181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           61589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           61242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 752352128500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1838529                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             1017009                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1831110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 44386                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 45774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 55665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 59017                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 58849                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 58323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 57913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 57745                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 57727                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 57764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 57809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 57905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 58019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 57835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 58608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 57697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 57669                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 58173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      2669282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    68.412057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    66.341788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    37.659725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      2550319     95.54%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       113101      4.24%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1732      0.06%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          327      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          234      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          192      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          195      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          145      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3037      0.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      2669282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        57666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     31.856102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.387360                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255        57654     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        57666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        57666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.635886                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.611791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.906939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           12248     21.24%     21.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             973      1.69%     22.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           40243     69.79%     92.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            3962      6.87%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             221      0.38%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              13      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               4      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        57666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 41189323977                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            75620080227                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                9181535000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    22430.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41180.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      156.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       86.51                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   156.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    86.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   91752                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  92265                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                 5.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                9.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    263471.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                    6.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              9970294320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              5440140750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             7113217800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            3252344400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         49621724880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        461494166445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         51017374500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          587909263095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           773.841742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  78146568501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  25122760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 649082534499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             10235650320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              5584928250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             7317858600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            3338327520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         49621724880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        462645545355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         50007393000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          588751427925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           774.950250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  77351714750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  25122760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 649879358750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1500764516                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1289151                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2692745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2646875                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    68                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      71992                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       218570                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2646875                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           68                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5151762                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2166015                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  70                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 62                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1638423                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             898652                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       547211                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     340312                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    206899                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1495470734.416820                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5293781.583180                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003527                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996473                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           312555                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                28878      1.07%      1.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2107569     78.25%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3595      0.13%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     6029      0.22%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     24      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  340312     12.64%     92.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 206899      7.68%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2693306                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1503502215                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    3690620                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7232513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7121609                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1928                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     170067                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       655498                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7121609                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                         1928                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           13925853                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5782462                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                3235                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes               1535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads             4738271                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes            2573056                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1503292                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                     984184                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    519108                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1488960036.738996                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              14542178.261004                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.009672                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.990328                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                           862457                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                33965      0.47%      0.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  5680243     78.54%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8162      0.11%     79.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     5498      0.08%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   1446      0.02%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                  984184     13.61%     92.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 519108      7.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7232606                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1510694342                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  269261035                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    442528097                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            346502623                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109594681                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5374338                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16415189                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   346502623                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109594681                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          737037109                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         276031317                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204618310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105641720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           177425398                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          152767239                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     92878548                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   73854883                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19023665                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              14970630.079468                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1495723711.920532                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.990090                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.009910                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26485073                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3912534      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                254720880     57.56%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    2649      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                      455      0.00%     58.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91015565     20.57%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                73854883     16.69%     95.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19023665      4.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 442530631                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1506659049                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2170175                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      4349548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              4239081                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                   372                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      89006                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       383482                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     4239081                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                          372                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            8140991                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           3464397                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                 596                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                261                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             2798516                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1674509                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       838735                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     518231                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    320504                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1497908360.565033                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              8750688.434967                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005808                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994192                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           503729                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                32817      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  3464157     79.64%     80.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    3847      0.09%     80.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     9836      0.23%     80.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                    244      0.01%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  518231     11.91%     92.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 320504      7.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   4349636                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 554                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1766                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1766                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               75                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          124                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1220                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          434                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1303                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          470                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          860                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          330                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          868                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1283                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5422                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2314000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                19497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              112500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              570483                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              575482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              633285                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              586484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106441                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              892500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              741000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              802500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           37                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       151552                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           37                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    486001431                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000700                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   486001193    100.00%    100.00% |         238      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    486001431                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      486001431                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.123625                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.057141                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.994668                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   484470239     99.68%     99.68% |     1460978      0.30%     99.99% |       14466      0.00%     99.99% |       18354      0.00%     99.99% |       29537      0.01%    100.00% |        7549      0.00%    100.00% |         270      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        486001431                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    482327669                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.078071                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.018897                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.880122                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |   478562088     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |     3765581      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    482327669                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3673762                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.394194                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   133.389362                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.010695                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     2142570     58.32%     58.32% |     1460978     39.77%     98.09% |       14466      0.39%     98.48% |       18354      0.50%     98.98% |       29537      0.80%     99.79% |        7549      0.21%     99.99% |         270      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3673762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr           29                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       540842                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        12563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       553405                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1646917                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        15391                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1662308                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        17387                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        10567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        27954                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1457208                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        48155                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1505363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4685070                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        27695                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4712765                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        48573                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27277                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        75850                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    104485229                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7260743                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    111745972                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    362120964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        20062                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    362141026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      3661849                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses      3618956                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      7280805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         17609                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits       808272                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        32673                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       840945                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      2817586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        22061                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2839647                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        37772                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        16962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        54734                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.127463                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21339                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3735923                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3722676                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        10567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1536408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29887384                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29781408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        84536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.130971                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27277                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        39653                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3755860                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          738                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3705969                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27277                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       218216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2855016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     30046880                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        53136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         9896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29647752                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       218216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     1.286245                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3618956                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3623721                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10951102                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1971360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3576346                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3576346                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1604986                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       114285                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3618956                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     28951648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    260907912                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     87608816                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    141937920                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28610768                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28610768                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12839888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       914280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     28951648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.131053                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16962                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        45137                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3726475                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          687                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          687                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          332                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3716285                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16962                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135696                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3249864                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29811800                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29730280                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       135696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.589467                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1837589                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1809204                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118708                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       985116                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1788333                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1788333                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       803217                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1867397                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1837589                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14700712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2062656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    130262688                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       949664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     70928352                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     14306664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14306664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6425736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14939176                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14700712                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.589960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1810728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118114                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       987337                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1789937                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1789937                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       802600                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1865840                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14689384                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2051136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    130372416                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       944912                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71088264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     14319496                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14319496                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6420800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14926720                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14689384                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.009572                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.373721                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3673762                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3674891                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4     11203091                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1972453                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3578270                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3578270                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1605817                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3     11259215                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3673762                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29390096                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    264592152                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     89624728                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    142016616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28626160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28626160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12846536                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     90073720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29390096                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     11021373                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     11196081                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     33609273                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data      5917359                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     26472687                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     26251667                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     11021286                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control     88170984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    806117832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    268874184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    426049848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    211781496                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    210013336                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control     88170288                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.127656                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10554                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24026                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3722676                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       759888                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       192208                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29781408                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.127271                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        10567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10785                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3711897                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        10567                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        84536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       776520                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29695176                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5        84536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     0.133410                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27263                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        62269                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3705969                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1962936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       498152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         9896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29647752                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.128531                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        27277                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        12390                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3693591                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          738                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2         1237                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          499                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        27277                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       218216                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       892080                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29548728                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        53136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         9896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3992                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       218216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     1.565184                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3618950                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10841584                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3576346                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       114285                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    260564400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     86732672                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28610768                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       914280                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     1.007306                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3618956                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4         4771                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4       109518                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1971360                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3576346                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1604986                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3618956                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     28951648                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       343512                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       876144                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    141937920                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28610768                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12839888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     28951648                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.129851                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16930                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        38390                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          687                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3716285                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1218960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       307120                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29730280                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.132255                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16962                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28207                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3688085                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          355                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          687                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          332                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        16962                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       135696                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2030904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29504680                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        25560                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         2656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       135696                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.507970                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1837589                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          620                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118708                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       985116                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29832                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1788333                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       803217                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1837589                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14700712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        44640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       949664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     70928352                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     14306664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6425736                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14700712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.670963                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1808584                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1788333                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1867397                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2062656                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    130218048                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14306664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14939176                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.508534                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118114                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       987337                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1789937                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       802600                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14689384                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        41328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       944912                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71088264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     14319496                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6420800                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14689384                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.671386                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      1810154                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1184                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      1789937                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      1865840                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2051136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    130331088                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9472                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     14319496                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     14926720                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.017166                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001977                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59504                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       476032                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.127656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        10554                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        24026                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3722676                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4       759888                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       192208                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29781408                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     0.133410                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        27263                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4        62269                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3         1237                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3705969                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1962936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       498152                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         9896                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29647752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     1.565184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3618950                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10841584                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3576346                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3       114285                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    260564400                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     86732672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28610768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3       914280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.129851                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        16930                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        38390                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          687                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3716285                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1218960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       307120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         5496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29730280                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.507970                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1837589                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          620                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118708                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       985116                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1788333                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       803217                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1837589                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14700712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        44640                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       949664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     70928352                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       238656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     14306664                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6425736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14700712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.508534                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      1836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118114                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5       987337                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      1789937                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5       802600                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      1836173                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     14689384                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        41328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       944912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5     71088264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     14319496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5      6420800                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     14689384                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.017166                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2368                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        18944                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     89300658                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.025189                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.200376                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     20.554958                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    88584616     99.20%     99.20% |      685308      0.77%     99.97% |        6324      0.01%     99.97% |        6960      0.01%     99.98% |       13787      0.02%    100.00% |        3498      0.00%    100.00% |         141      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      89300658                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     87583697                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.376863                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.094577                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.904366                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    84282988     96.23%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |           0      0.00%     96.23% |     3300709      3.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     87583697                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1716961                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.118628                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   132.855403                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.408534                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     1000919     58.30%     58.30% |      685308     39.91%     98.21% |        6324      0.37%     98.58% |        6960      0.41%     98.98% |       13787      0.80%     99.79% |        3498      0.20%     99.99% |         141      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1716961                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     14963008                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.062185                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.005171                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.530578                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    14962348    100.00%    100.00% |         559      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      14963008                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14953004                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.009842                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002363                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.313568                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    14938287     99.90%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |       14717      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     14953004                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        10004                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.298880                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    65.825872                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.502185                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |        9344     93.40%     93.40% |         559      5.59%     98.99% |          38      0.38%     99.37% |          16      0.16%     99.53% |          35      0.35%     99.88% |          11      0.11%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        10004                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    371355746                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.003538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000586                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.425899                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   371355158    100.00%    100.00% |         546      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    371355746                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    371347185                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002064                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000495                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.143653                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   371270537     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |       76648      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    371347185                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         8561                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    64.947202                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.331569                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.708451                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7973     93.13%     93.13% |         546      6.38%     99.51% |           5      0.06%     99.57% |           3      0.04%     99.60% |          30      0.35%     99.95% |           4      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         8561                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       171413                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.950885                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.088544                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.412848                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      170769     99.62%     99.62% |         422      0.25%     99.87% |         185      0.11%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.98% |          13      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       171413                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       169262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.148350                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.036213                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.208925                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |      166751     98.52%     98.52% |           0      0.00%     98.52% |           0      0.00%     98.52% |           0      0.00%     98.52% |           0      0.00%     98.52% |        2511      1.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       169262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2151                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.102278                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    52.548552                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    53.927624                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1507     70.06%     70.06% |         422     19.62%     89.68% |         185      8.60%     98.28% |          11      0.51%     98.79% |          13      0.60%     99.40% |           7      0.33%     99.72% |           2      0.09%     99.81% |           1      0.05%     99.86% |           1      0.05%     99.91% |           2      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2151                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105303                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    54.576518                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.649368                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.757134                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |     4291623     84.06%     84.06% |      774369     15.17%     99.23% |        8079      0.16%     99.39% |       11372      0.22%     99.61% |       15682      0.31%     99.92% |        4036      0.08%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105303                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3169218                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.170623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.324061                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.214946                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     2798222     88.29%     88.29% |           0      0.00%     88.29% |           0      0.00%     88.29% |           0      0.00%     88.29% |           0      0.00%     88.29% |      370996     11.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3169218                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1936085                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.360821                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   135.050814                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.115643                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     1122405     57.97%     57.97% |      774369     40.00%     97.97% |        8079      0.42%     98.39% |       11372      0.59%     98.97% |       15682      0.81%     99.78% |        4036      0.21%     99.99% |         128      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1936085                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105303                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total      5105303                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105303                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105303    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5105303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    478562010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   478562010    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    478562010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        55024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.913910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.879987                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.632076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       54715     99.44%     99.44% |         111      0.20%     99.64% |         183      0.33%     99.97% |          15      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        55024                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples        54995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.017929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.005700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.378398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |       54798     99.64%     99.64% |         123      0.22%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |          74      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total        54995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples        54995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.045404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.034818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.507528                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       54527     99.15%     99.15% |         175      0.32%     99.47% |         133      0.24%     99.71% |           2      0.00%     99.71% |         158      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total        54995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples        54995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.004491                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.004235                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.115835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       54972     99.96%     99.96% |          23      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total        54995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples        54995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.834749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.242076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |       23661     43.02%     43.02% |       26408     48.02%     91.04% |        2492      4.53%     95.57% |          20      0.04%     95.61% |          11      0.02%     95.63% |           7      0.01%     95.64% |        2396      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total        54995                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3765659                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999793                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999454                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.045512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          78      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3765581    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3765659                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3618738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.998053                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   136.198102                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.927197                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2087546     57.69%     57.69% |     1460978     40.37%     98.06% |       14466      0.40%     98.46% |       18354      0.51%     98.97% |       29537      0.82%     99.78% |        7549      0.21%     99.99% |         270      0.01%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3618738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples      3618738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.053479                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.009510                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.923927                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |     3606649     99.67%     99.67% |           5      0.00%     99.67% |           5      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |       12063      0.33%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total      3618738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples      3618738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.051825                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.029084                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.997299                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3606654     99.67%     99.67% |        8759      0.24%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |        3322      0.09%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total      3618738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples      3618738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000041                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000039                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.011201                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3618727    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total      3618738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples      3618738                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean   107.892709                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean   102.112606                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    55.972931                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |     3523514     97.37%     97.37% |       31338      0.87%     98.23% |       11296      0.31%     98.55% |       21880      0.60%     99.15% |       30164      0.83%     99.98% |         316      0.01%     99.99% |         211      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total      3618738                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     84282983                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    84282983    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     84282983                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        37673                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.570488                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.561614                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.847452                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37644     99.92%     99.92% |           1      0.00%     99.93% |          13      0.03%     99.96% |          15      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        37673                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3300714                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999985                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999960                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.012308                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           5      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3300709    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      3300714                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1679288                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   141.486485                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   137.020106                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.751802                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |      963246     57.36%     57.36% |      685308     40.81%     98.17% |        6324      0.38%     98.55% |        6960      0.41%     98.96% |       13787      0.82%     99.78% |        3498      0.21%     99.99% |         141      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1679288                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14938224                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14938224    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     14938224                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4460                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.228700                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.121303                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.887000                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4331     97.11%     97.11% |          86      1.93%     99.04% |          43      0.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4460                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        14780                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.957375                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.888141                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.651509                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          63      0.43%      0.43% |           0      0.00%      0.43% |           0      0.00%      0.43% |           0      0.00%      0.43% |           0      0.00%      0.43% |       14717     99.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        14780                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5544                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   114.752165                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   109.113342                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.039198                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        4884     88.10%     88.10% |         559     10.08%     98.18% |          38      0.69%     98.86% |          16      0.29%     99.15% |          35      0.63%     99.78% |          11      0.20%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5544                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    371270537                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   371270537    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    371270537                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5462                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.491395                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.485529                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.635733                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5405     98.96%     98.96% |          57      1.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5462                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        76648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       76648    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        76648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3099                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   120.388190                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.954216                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.128800                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        2511     81.03%     81.03% |         546     17.62%     98.64% |           5      0.16%     98.81% |           3      0.10%     98.90% |          30      0.97%     99.87% |           4      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         3099                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       166751                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      166751    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       166751                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1505                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.279734                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.203383                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.382509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1492     99.14%     99.14% |           9      0.60%     99.73% |           4      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         1505                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2511                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2511    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2511                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples          646                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.250774                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   125.180498                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.801618                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           2      0.31%      0.31% |         422     65.33%     65.63% |         185     28.64%     94.27% |          11      1.70%     95.98% |          13      2.01%     97.99% |           7      1.08%     99.07% |           2      0.31%     99.38% |           1      0.15%     99.54% |           1      0.15%     99.69% |           2      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total          646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2798222                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2798222    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      2798222                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.896523                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.803673                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.735685                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        5786     97.67%     97.67% |          15      0.25%     97.92% |         123      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         5924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       370996                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      370996    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       370996                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1930161                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.684510                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   135.614010                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.902931                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     1116481     57.84%     57.84% |      774369     40.12%     97.96% |        8079      0.42%     98.38% |       11372      0.59%     98.97% |       15682      0.81%     99.78% |        4036      0.21%     99.99% |         128      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1930161                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5105293                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5105293    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5105293                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           10                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           10                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      975043     49.96%     49.96% |      976584     50.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1951627                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      868738     50.09%     50.09% |      865688     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1734426                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |     1788333     49.98%     49.98% |     1789937     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      3578270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |       10904     51.94%     51.94% |       10088     48.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total        20992                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |     1826685     50.01%     50.01% |     1826085     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      3652770                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |         341     49.14%     49.14% |         353     50.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total          694                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          38     48.10%     48.10% |          41     51.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      802876     50.02%     50.02% |      802247     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1605123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      985078     49.94%     49.94% |      987296     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1972374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28648     50.14%     50.14% |       28488     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57136                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1184     50.00%     50.00% |        1184     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1837077     49.98%     49.98% |     1838529     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3675606                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     1014948     49.95%     49.95% |     1017009     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      2031957                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |      118708     50.13%     50.13% |      118114     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total       236822                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         620     51.93%     51.93% |         574     48.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total         1194                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       29832     50.13%     50.13% |       29672     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        59504                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          24     82.76%     82.76% |           5     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total           29                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        2752     56.41%     56.41% |        2127     43.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total         4879                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |        5701     50.68%     50.68% |        5547     49.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total        11248                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |         379     49.03%     49.03% |         394     50.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |        3788     54.04%     54.04% |        3222     45.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total         7010                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       16740     52.55%     52.55% |       15118     47.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        31858                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |     1787954     49.98%     49.98% |     1789543     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      3577497                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         155     57.84%     57.84% |         113     42.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |         465     50.22%     50.22% |         461     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          926                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |           7     50.00%     50.00% |           7     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |         363     53.86%     53.86% |         311     46.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total          674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |      966768     49.93%     49.93% |      969569     50.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      1936337                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |      841446     50.04%     50.04% |      840267     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      1681713                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       28493     50.10%     50.10% |       28375     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        56868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         719     49.86%     49.86% |         723     50.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1442                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |         107     51.94%     51.94% |          99     48.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          206                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          24     82.76%     82.76% |           5     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total           29                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |       10410     51.83%     51.83% |        9674     48.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total        20084                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |     1826661     50.01%     50.01% |     1826079     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      3652740                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |         107     52.20%     52.20% |          98     47.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          205                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          24     82.76%     82.76% |           5     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total           29                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          24     82.76%     82.76% |           5     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total           29                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          24     82.76%     82.76% |           5     17.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total           29                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |         363     53.86%     53.86% |         311     46.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total          674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |     1808221     49.98%     49.98% |     1809843     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      3618064                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |         363     53.86%     53.86% |         311     46.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total          674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        4271     49.98%     49.98% |        4275     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         8546                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |         465     50.22%     50.22% |         461     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          926                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1184     50.00%     50.00% |        1184     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       28493     50.10%     50.10% |       28375     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        56868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |      113912     50.10%     50.10% |      113464     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total       227376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         465     57.84%     57.84% |         339     42.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total          804                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         155     57.84%     57.84% |         113     42.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         155     57.84%     57.84% |         113     42.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          268                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          60     62.50%     62.50% |          36     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       28493     50.10%     50.10% |       28375     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        56868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |        1184     50.00%     50.00% |        1184     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |        1620     50.94%     50.94% |        1560     49.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total         3180                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |        4464     50.13%     50.13% |        4440     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total         8904                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |         341     49.14%     49.14% |         353     50.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total          694                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          38     48.10%     48.10% |          41     51.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |      802876     50.02%     50.02% |      802247     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      1605123                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |      985078     49.94%     49.94% |      987296     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      1972374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          38     48.10%     48.10% |          41     51.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |     1013726     49.95%     49.95% |     1015784     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      2029510                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2368                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57136    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57136                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2368    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2368                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      321212      0.36%      0.36% |      906083      1.01%      1.37% |    87626757     98.12%     99.49% |      455504      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     89309556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1662308      0.45%      0.45% |     4712765      1.27%      1.72% |   362141032     97.52%     99.24% |     2839647      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    371355752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      232193      0.92%      0.92% |      599285      2.36%      3.28% |    24131285     95.20%     98.48% |      385567      1.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25348330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1839      0.05%      0.05% |     3582766     99.93%     99.98% |         736      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      3585341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       22962      0.31%      0.31% |       71289      0.96%      1.27% |     7278902     98.07%     99.34% |       48811      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total      7421964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        3022      0.08%      0.08% |       22861      0.62%      0.70% |     3645915     98.83%     99.53% |       17214      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      3689012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       14371     18.75%     18.75% |       25733     33.57%     52.32% |       15935     20.79%     73.11% |       20609     26.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        76648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       17393      0.46%      0.46% |       48594      1.29%      1.75% |     3661850     97.24%     99.00% |       37823      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      3765660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     1948193     33.28%     33.28% |     1942683     33.18%     66.46% |       17073      0.29%     66.75% |     1946243     33.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      5854192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     1774483     32.83%     32.83% |     1763286     32.62%     65.45% |       97212      1.80%     67.25% |     1770042     32.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total      5405023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |           6     20.69%     20.69% |          12     41.38%     62.07% |           4     13.79%     75.86% |           7     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total           29                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       21984      0.20%      0.20% |       61259      0.56%      0.76% |    10828462     98.90%     99.66% |       37385      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total     10949090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        2042     11.89%     11.89% |        1010      5.88%     17.77% |       13122     76.38%     94.15% |        1005      5.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        17179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        1627     29.57%     29.57% |        1017     18.48%     48.06% |         855     15.54%     63.60% |        2003     36.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         5502                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        2295     11.30%     11.30% |        5238     25.78%     37.08% |        8764     43.13%     80.21% |        4021     19.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total        20318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        6632      0.18%      0.18% |       21008      0.58%      0.76% |     3609331     98.94%     99.70% |       10906      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      3647877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1237      0.03%      0.03% |     3576346     99.95%     99.98% |         687      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      3578270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        2344     11.19%     11.19% |        5326     25.43%     36.62% |        9025     43.09%     79.70% |        4251     20.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total        20946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |        8223      0.23%      0.23% |       21951      0.60%      0.83% |     3609931     98.83%     99.65% |       12711      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3652816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7132      0.42%      0.42% |       17390      1.01%      1.43% |     1681294     97.92%     99.35% |       11145      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      1716961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1020     11.91%     11.91% |        1962     22.92%     34.83% |        4127     48.21%     83.04% |        1452     16.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         8561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1340      0.07%      0.07% |        7218      0.37%      0.44% |     1933085     99.42%     99.86% |        2708      0.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      1944351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     1945802     33.33%     33.33% |     1937822     33.20%     66.53% |       14369      0.25%     66.78% |     1939427     33.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      5837420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     1760696     32.94%     32.94% |     1746913     32.69%     65.63% |       93185      1.74%     67.37% |     1743676     32.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total      5344470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       47488      0.24%      0.24% |      100819      0.52%      0.76% |    19347285     99.03%     99.79% |       40824      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     19536416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1100918      0.68%      0.68% |     3617834      2.22%      2.90% |   156323884     96.14%     99.04% |     1559028      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    162601664                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1057     28.14%     28.14% |         675     17.97%     46.11% |         444     11.82%     57.93% |        1580     42.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         602      8.51%      8.51% |        6420     90.79%     99.31% |          49      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total         7071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |        9645      6.89%      6.89% |       25666     18.35%     25.24% |       89767     64.17%     89.41% |       14819     10.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       139897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         687      0.91%      0.91% |        3910      5.15%      6.06% |       69646     91.81%     97.87% |        1614      2.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        75857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        8011     16.31%     16.31% |       18084     36.81%     53.12% |       11818     24.06%     77.17% |       11216     22.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        49129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |         430     10.69%     10.69% |        1611     40.05%     50.75% |        1032     25.66%     76.40% |         949     23.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         4022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |        4969     28.92%     28.92% |        7245     42.17%     71.10% |         932      5.43%     76.52% |        4033     23.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        17179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |        8608     11.87%     11.87% |        8468     11.68%     23.56% |         451      0.62%     24.18% |       54967     75.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total        72494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |      386146     18.39%     18.39% |      468754     22.32%     40.71% |         133      0.01%     40.72% |     1244816     59.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      2099849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          12     22.22%     22.22% |          11     20.37%     42.59% |           5      9.26%     51.85% |          26     48.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         227     29.37%     29.37% |         298     38.55%     67.92% |         248     32.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total          773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |        6146     26.03%     26.03% |        5670     24.02%     50.05% |         268      1.14%     51.18% |       11525     48.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        23609                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         656     18.03%     18.03% |         460     12.64%     30.68% |          56      1.54%     32.22% |        2466     67.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total         3638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        5183     26.39%     26.39% |        5225     26.60%     52.99% |          11      0.06%     53.04% |        9223     46.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        19642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        1322     27.46%     27.46% |         431      8.95%     36.41% |        1187     24.66%     61.07% |        1874     38.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total         4814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        3130     27.83%     27.83% |        2210     19.65%     47.48% |         119      1.06%     48.53% |        5789     51.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total        11248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       28749      0.07%      0.07% |       64518      0.15%      0.22% |    42463699     99.70%     99.92% |       35865      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     42592831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      159593      0.08%      0.08% |      597979      0.29%      0.37% |   205794799     99.63%     99.99% |       13114      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    206565485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2860      5.74%      5.74% |       11007     22.09%     27.84% |       31383     63.00%     90.83% |        4568      9.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        49818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         305      0.02%      0.02% |     1605950     99.98%     99.99% |          89      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1606344                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        3044      0.08%      0.08% |        5694      0.15%      0.22% |     3888186     99.72%     99.94% |        2243      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      3899167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |         250      0.01%      0.01% |         762      0.03%      0.04% |     2261932     99.91%     99.96% |         965      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2263909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        1177     14.94%     14.94% |        2424     30.77%     45.72% |        4106     52.13%     97.84% |         170      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total         7877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         208     28.61%     28.61% |          76     10.45%     39.06% |          57      7.84%     46.91% |         386     53.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total          727                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        2217     24.52%     24.52% |        1601     17.71%     42.23% |        1426     15.77%     58.00% |        3797     42.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total         9041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           3     37.50%     62.50% |           2     25.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      227034      1.03%      1.03% |      695815      3.15%      4.18% |    20857720     94.46%     98.64% |      300393      1.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     22080962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      225930      0.98%      0.98% |      575645      2.51%      3.49% |    21784317     94.89%     98.39% |      370640      1.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     22956532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         705      0.04%      0.04% |     1970098     99.95%     99.98% |         350      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      1971153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |        4127      0.12%      0.12% |       34259      1.02%      1.14% |     3300681     98.26%     99.40% |       20224      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      3359291                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1429      0.11%      0.11% |       17729      1.32%      1.42% |     1314281     97.67%     99.10% |       12169      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      1345608                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |         431      5.98%      5.98% |        2743     38.05%     44.03% |         428      5.94%     49.97% |        3607     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total         7209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        3471     15.04%     15.04% |        5317     23.03%     38.07% |        1550      6.71%     44.78% |       12747     55.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        23085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |           4     19.05%     19.05% |           9     42.86%     61.90% |           2      9.52%     71.43% |           6     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |         682      0.90%      0.90% |        3892      5.14%      6.04% |       69646     91.89%     97.93% |        1569      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total        75789                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |        8011     16.31%     16.31% |       18084     36.81%     53.12% |       11818     24.06%     77.17% |       11216     22.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        49129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |           5      7.35%      7.35% |          18     26.47%     33.82% |           0      0.00%     33.82% |          45     66.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total           68                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |         655     18.06%     18.06% |         457     12.60%     30.66% |          55      1.52%     32.18% |        2460     67.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total         3627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        5183     26.39%     26.39% |        5225     26.60%     52.99% |          11      0.06%     53.04% |        9223     46.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        19642                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           1      9.09%      9.09% |           3     27.27%     36.36% |           1      9.09%     45.45% |           6     54.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |         233      0.01%      0.01% |         681      0.03%      0.04% |     2239537     99.94%     99.98% |         392      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      2240843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        1177     14.94%     14.94% |        2424     30.77%     45.72% |        4106     52.13%     97.84% |         170      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total         7877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |          17      0.07%      0.07% |          81      0.35%      0.42% |       22395     97.09%     97.52% |         573      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total        23066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |         620      0.06%      0.06% |       13933      1.42%      1.48% |      958077     97.72%     99.20% |        7820      0.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total       980450                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |         809      0.22%      0.22% |        3796      1.04%      1.26% |      356204     97.55%     98.81% |        4349      1.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       365158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2433      0.04%      0.04% |       16249      0.28%      0.32% |     5797690     99.61%     99.93% |        4282      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      5820654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         516     51.39%     51.39% |         197     19.62%     71.02% |         150     14.94%     85.96% |         141     14.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |         824      0.04%      0.04% |        7021      0.36%      0.40% |     1932935     99.46%     99.87% |        2567      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      1943347                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1804     39.23%     39.23% |         640     13.92%     53.15% |         298      6.48%     59.63% |        1856     40.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        1062     27.77%     27.77% |         693     18.12%     45.89% |         444     11.61%     57.51% |        1625     42.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         3824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          39     20.00%     20.00% |          42     21.54%     41.54% |          18      9.23%     50.77% |          96     49.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          13     20.00%     20.00% |          14     21.54%     41.54% |           6      9.23%     50.77% |          32     49.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         470     12.27%     12.27% |        1023     26.72%     38.99% |         823     21.49%     60.49% |        1513     39.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total         3829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        1578     32.68%     32.68% |         890     18.43%     51.12% |         594     12.30%     63.42% |        1766     36.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total         4828                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          10      9.35%      9.35% |          35     32.71%     42.06% |          34     31.78%     73.83% |          28     26.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total          107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           1      0.35%      0.35% |           2      0.71%      1.06% |           1      0.35%      1.42% |         278     98.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total          282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        2714     18.51%     18.51% |        2935     20.02%     38.53% |        3766     25.69%     64.21% |        5247     35.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        14662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        5807      0.34%      0.34% |       13985      0.82%      1.16% |     1676395     98.37%     99.53% |        8061      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1704248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         161      8.34%      8.34% |         826     42.78%     51.11% |         275     14.24%     65.35% |         669     34.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total         1931                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         303      7.77%      7.77% |        1333     34.16%     41.93% |         486     12.46%     54.38% |        1780     45.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total         3902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |         825      0.04%      0.04% |        7023      0.36%      0.40% |     1932936     99.45%     99.85% |        2845      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      1943629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       13190      0.26%      0.26% |       36302      0.71%      0.97% |     5023273     98.66%     99.63% |       18890      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total      5091655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        1475     14.31%     14.31% |         511      4.96%     19.27% |        7797     75.64%     94.91% |         525      5.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        10308                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          49      7.27%      7.27% |         127     18.84%     26.11% |         261     38.72%     64.84% |         237     35.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total          674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        2295     11.30%     11.30% |        5238     25.78%     37.08% |        8764     43.13%     80.21% |        4021     19.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total        20318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        5808      0.34%      0.34% |       13987      0.82%      1.16% |     1676396     98.35%     99.51% |        8339      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      1704530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           1      0.56%      0.56% |          73     41.01%     41.57% |          64     35.96%     77.53% |          40     22.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         260      7.35%      7.35% |         503     14.21%     21.56% |        2148     60.70%     82.25% |         628     17.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         3539                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.63%      1.63% |           0      0.00%      1.63% |         121     98.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          123                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        1031     10.75%     10.75% |        2735     28.50%     39.25% |        2108     21.97%     61.22% |        3721     38.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total         9595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         567      8.25%      8.25% |         499      7.26%     15.51% |        5325     77.50%     93.01% |         480      6.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total         6871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        2344     11.19%     11.19% |        5326     25.43%     36.62% |        9025     43.09%     79.70% |        4251     20.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total        20946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          39     84.78%     84.78% |           0      0.00%     84.78% |           7     15.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         227     29.37%     29.37% |         298     38.55%     67.92% |         248     32.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.01%      0.01% |        8895     99.98%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total         8897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.03%      0.03% |        3175     99.84%     99.87% |           4      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total         3180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1010      0.03%      0.03% |     3576048     99.96%     99.99% |         439      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      3577497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        8698      6.96%      6.96% |       21994     17.60%     24.56% |       81464     65.18%     89.73% |       12830     10.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       124986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        5839     25.08%     25.08% |        5685     24.42%     49.50% |          67      0.29%     49.79% |       11689     50.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        23280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1427      0.06%      0.06% |        3186      0.14%      0.20% |     2266038     99.75%     99.95% |        1135      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2271786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        1429      0.11%      0.11% |       17729      1.32%      1.42% |     1314281     97.67%     99.10% |       12169      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      1345608                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.186104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1186104193000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               54697954180001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  94565                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   166252                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              289920248                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2093632                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4091.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   386879536                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     680160332                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    224556672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         224556672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0    129633216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total      129633216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3508698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            3508698                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2025519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total           2025519                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    189322889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            189322889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    109293279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           109293279                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    298616167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           298616167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    3508698                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                   2025519                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  3508698                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                 2025519                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             224291392                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                 265280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten              129632256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              224556672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys           129633216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                  4145                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   15                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           216186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           219008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           223372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           215838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           217037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           213445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           213248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           213645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8           226660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           230919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          223326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11          220436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12          217124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13          220797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          221100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          212412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0           124307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1           124262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2           125539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3           125182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4           125883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5           125292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6           125315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7           125081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8           132360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9           131745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10          130064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11          128707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12          126570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13          126600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14          125068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15          123529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1186073640000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              3508698                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6             2025519                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                3498938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5605                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 87327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 90569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                109146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                117183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                117185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                116438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                115851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                115583                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                115526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                115326                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                115367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                115464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                115681                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                115396                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                116918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                115043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                114963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                116311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples      4936582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.694107                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.456809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.464014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4523454     91.63%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       388988      7.88%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13456      0.27%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2688      0.05%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1181      0.02%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          726      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          827      0.02%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          435      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4827      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total      4936582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples       114935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.502919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.010790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255       114895     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           10      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            7      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            8      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            9      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            3      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::5376-5631            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total       114935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples       114935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.623039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.598416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.916939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           25071     21.81%     21.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            2306      2.01%     23.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           78998     68.73%     92.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            8052      7.01%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             463      0.40%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              38      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               5      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total       114935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 75445074722                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat           141155443472                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat               17522765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    21527.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               40277.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      189.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      109.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   189.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   109.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     24.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  429989                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 163488                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                12.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                8.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    214316.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   10.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy             18443723760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy             10063539750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy            13558599600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            6485605200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         77952585360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        731287878300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy         74610064500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          932401996470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           781.243535                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 115755694502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39606580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1030743476248                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy             18903228120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy             10314261375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy            13884780000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            6640133760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         77952585360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        733076627220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy         73040986500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          933812602335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           782.425457                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114099249000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39606580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1032404504750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    224656384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         224656384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1    129788736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total      129788736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3510256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            3510256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2027949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total           2027949                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    189406955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            189406955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    109424397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           109424397                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    298831352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           298831352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    3510256                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                   2027949                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  3510256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                 2027949                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             224393216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                 263168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten              129788416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              224656384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys           129788736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                  4112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           215862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           219983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           223481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           214631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           216746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           215148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           213383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           213222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8           226258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           230558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          223924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11          220388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12          216556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13          222623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          220513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          212868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0           123837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1           124807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2           126210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3           124257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4           126535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5           126477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6           125613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7           124916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8           132289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9           131744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10          130385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11          128705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12          125968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13          127284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14          124870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15          124047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1186096916000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              3510256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6             2027949                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                3500622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 87251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 90455                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                109239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                117469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                117391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                116592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                116065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                115667                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                115612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                115524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                115520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                115623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                115899                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                115527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                117101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                115190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                115105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                116494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      4940323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    71.692025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    68.458721                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    41.459048                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127      4526312     91.62%     91.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       390182      7.90%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13163      0.27%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2722      0.06%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1139      0.02%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          699      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          816      0.02%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          417      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4873      0.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      4940323                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples       115087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     30.472260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.415597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255       115047     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           12      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            8      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            6      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1279            4      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            6      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2815            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::5888-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total       115087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples       115087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.620965                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.596084                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.921929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           25347     22.02%     22.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            2269      1.97%     24.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           78729     68.41%     92.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            8199      7.12%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             500      0.43%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              35      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total       115087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 75436012727                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat           141176212727                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat               17530720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    21515.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               40265.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      189.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      109.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   189.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   109.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     24.67                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  430096                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 163671                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                12.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                8.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    214166.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   10.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy             18463939200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy             10074570000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy            13563724200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            6497204400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         77952585360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        731283022755                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         74614332000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          932449377915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           781.283226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 115847125751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  39606580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 1030650781749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy             18911075400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy             10318543125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy            13892096400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            6644442960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         77952585360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        732719536470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy         73354224000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          933792503715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           782.408617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 114639473500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  39606580000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 1031863921250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2371478093                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2067306                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4258592                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4179594                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7520                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     114658                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       323445                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4179594                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7520                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            8317999                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3403372                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               12382                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               6034                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2443088                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1357702                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       941926                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     577150                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    364776                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2362601494.562726                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              8876598.437274                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003743                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996257                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           475975                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                48776      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3246304     76.22%     77.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5710      0.13%     77.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    10820      0.25%     77.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5736      0.13%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  577150     13.55%     91.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 364776      8.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4259272                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2370784748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  106744486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    216273156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            202363589                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses              11018189                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    3580061                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     16983493                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   202363589                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                     11018189                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          398134789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         162104264                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads            21530550                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes           10914231                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           119279403                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           67724466                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     42889107                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   29649934                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  13239173                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              1499505232.673933                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              871279515.326067                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.367507                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.632493                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         24936331                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               527218      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                162408379     75.09%     75.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   34318      0.02%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     9988      0.00%     75.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd               10413980      4.81%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     64      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                29649934     13.71%     93.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               13239173      6.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 216283054                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2377094036                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  271292304                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                    446389197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses            350302239                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses             109615224                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                    5456280                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts     16700593                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                   350302239                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                    109615224                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads          744858568                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes         279026647                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads           204651201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes          105657743                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads           179435709                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes          153858854                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                     93861844                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                   74414055                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                  19447789                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              874969770.550433                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              1502124265.449567                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.631916                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.368084                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                         26893142                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass              3941045      0.88%      0.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                257547324     57.70%     58.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    5398      0.00%     58.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     5341      0.00%     58.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd               91030869     20.39%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                74414055     16.67%     95.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite               19447789      4.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                 446391837                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2374163352                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    3542582                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      7020383                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              6863087                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3480                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     154361                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       584066                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     6863087                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         3480                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           13506898                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           5584286                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                5657                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               2706                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             4254644                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            2545320                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1487513                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     915092                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    572421                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2359421541.124843                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              14741810.875157                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.006209                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.993791                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           791618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                58657      0.84%      0.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  5449460     77.62%     78.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    6468      0.09%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    15992      0.23%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   2586      0.04%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  915092     13.03%     91.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 572421      8.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   7020676                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1686                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1686                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2750                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               2750                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               128                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              128                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          498                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          680                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1862                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          906                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           58                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2356                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          600                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1492                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          700                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    9128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           92                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          372                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          249                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2101                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          516                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          323                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2447                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          108                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1444                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1982                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          390                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          887                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2813                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     9715                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              2395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               197484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1938000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              907481                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              974365                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              999276                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              942979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              146439                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1414000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             1768000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1095000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             2587000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages          886                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes      3629056                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs          886                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           39                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       159744                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           39                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1167351548                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000997                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1167350388    100.00%    100.00% |        1160      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1167351548                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1167351548                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.350989                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.067710                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        14.252223                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1167145488     99.98%     99.98% |       95663      0.01%     99.99% |      108929      0.01%    100.00% |        1165      0.00%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1167351548                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1156363652                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.083628                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.020255                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.910649                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |  1146693271     99.16%     99.16% |           0      0.00%     99.16% |           0      0.00%     99.16% |           0      0.00%     99.16% |           0      0.00%     99.16% |     9670381      0.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1156363652                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     10987896                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   135.727803                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   127.741256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    59.450480                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    10781836     98.12%     98.12% |       95663      0.87%     99.00% |      108929      0.99%     99.99% |        1165      0.01%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     10987896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.incomplete_times_seqr          147                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       924249                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        25968                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       950217                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      2663429                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        25558                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2688987                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        31334                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        20192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        51526                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     48573860                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      5684145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     54258005                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    139606725                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        65464                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    139672189                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits      2123433                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses      3626176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses      5749609                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          5507                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits    105447467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses      7286999                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    112734466                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits    364864164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        35389                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses    364899553                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits      3683560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses      3638828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses      7322388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles         17624                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1435825                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        57358                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1493183                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      4615464                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        38053                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4653517                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        66473                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        28938                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        95411                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.159632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        41716                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7377896                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7353465                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        20192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       161536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3003552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     59023168                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58827720                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       161536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     0.888860                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3626176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3645747                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::4     14315676                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2022012                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3346371                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3346371                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1324359                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3747496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3626176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29009408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    262493784                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    114525408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    145584864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     26770968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     26770968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     10594872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29979968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29009408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.916756                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3638828                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3901148                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::4     14364769                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1971402                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3576844                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3576844                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1605442                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3734881                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3638828                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29110624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    280882656                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    114918152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    141940944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28614752                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28614752                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12843536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29879048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29110624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.163011                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28938                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           60                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        77666                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7360334                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          420                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          412                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7344742                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        28938                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       231504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      5591952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     58882672                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        30240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58757936                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       231504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.728099                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3658180                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::3           45                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28650                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3480828                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118969                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1995621                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29898                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3461081                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3461081                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1465460                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3688031                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3658180                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29265440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2062800                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    250619616                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       951752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    143684712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     27688648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     27688648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     11723680                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29504248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29265440                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.728436                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3655954                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3482455                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118370                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1998213                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3462966                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3462966                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1464753                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3685619                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3655954                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29247632                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2051136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    250736760                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       946960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    143871336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     27703728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     27703728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     11718024                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29484952                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29247632                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.006074                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57138                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59634                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113936                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477072                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.468364                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2      7314134                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::3          116                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57138                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::4      7314781                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::4     21828007                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      3993834                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59634                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      6924047                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      6924047                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      2930213                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3     22180584                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      7314134                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     58513072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          928                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    526664232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4    174624056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    287556048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     55392376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     55392376                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     23441704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3    177444672                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     58513072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     21942750                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     22115755                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control     65484021                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     11981502                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     50521311                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control     51734818                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     21942402                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    175542000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1592334360                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control    523872168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data    862668144                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    404170488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control    413878544                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    175539216                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.159786                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20164                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45968                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7353465                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1451808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       367744                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58827720                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.159478                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        20192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        21552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7331928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        20192                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       161536                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1551744                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     58655424                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       161536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     1.060508                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3625891                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10588017                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3346371                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3747496                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    261064152                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     84704136                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     26770968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29979968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.717213                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3626176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        19856                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3727659                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      2022012                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3346371                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1324359                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3626176                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29009408                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1429632                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     29821272                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    145584864                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     26770968                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     10594872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29009408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     1.073939                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3638671                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10892343                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3576844                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3734881                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    261984312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     87138744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28614752                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29879048                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.759572                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3638828                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4       262477                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      3472426                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1971402                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3576844                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1605442                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3638828                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29110624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4     18898344                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     27779408                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    141940944                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     28614752                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     12843536                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29110624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.161657                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           60                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28858                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        64340                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7344742                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2077776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       514720                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58757936                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.164365                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        28938                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4        48808                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4      7295994                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5          420                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5          412                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5        28938                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       231504                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      3514176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     58367952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5        30240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5         3296                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5       231504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.639867                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3658180                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118969                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1995621                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29898                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3461081                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1465460                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3658180                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29265440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        44856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       951752                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    143684712                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     27688648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     11723680                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29265440                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.816330                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           45                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28650                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3480205                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3461081                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3688031                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2062800                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    250574760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     27688648                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29504248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.640264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3655954                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118370                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1998213                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3462966                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1464753                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3655954                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29247632                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        41328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       946960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    143871336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     27703728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     11718024                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29247632                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.816607                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           71                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28488                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3481881                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1248                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3462966                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3685619                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          568                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2051136                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    250695432                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         9984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     27703728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29484952                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010891                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57138                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113936                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001257                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        59634                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       477072                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.159786                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::3           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4        20164                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4        45968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7353465                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      1451808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       367744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58827720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     1.060508                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::3           19                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3625891                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10588017                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3346371                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3747496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          152                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    261064152                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     84704136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     26770968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29979968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     1.073939                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::3           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4      3638671                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4     10892343                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3      3576844                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      3734881                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          176                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4    261984312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4     87138744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3     28614752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     29879048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.161657                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::3           60                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::4        28858                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::4        64340                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::3          832                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3      7344742                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::3          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4      2077776                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       514720                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::3         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3     58757936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.639867                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3658180                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::4          623                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118969                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1995621                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29898                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3461081                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1465460                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3658180                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29265440                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        44856                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       951752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    143684712                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239184                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     27688648                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     11723680                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29265440                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.640264                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2      3655954                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::4          574                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::4       118370                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::5      1998213                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2      3462966                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::5      1464753                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5      3655954                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2     29247632                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        41328                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4       946960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::5    143871336                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       237888                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2     27703728                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::5     11718024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5     29247632                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.010891                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        57138                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4113936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        19968                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    216632681                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.983070                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.252252                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     23.706770                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   216528955     99.95%     99.95% |       45044      0.02%     99.97% |       57636      0.03%    100.00% |         751      0.00%    100.00% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     216632681                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    210741226                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.402571                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.101345                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.965615                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |   202257403     95.97%     95.97% |           0      0.00%     95.97% |           0      0.00%     95.97% |           0      0.00%     95.97% |           0      0.00%     95.97% |     8483823      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    210741226                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5891455                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   133.059883                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.755921                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    60.539729                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5787729     98.24%     98.24% |       45044      0.76%     99.00% |       57636      0.98%     99.98% |         751      0.01%     99.99% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5891455                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41110192                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.226206                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.012084                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      5.530039                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    41091211     99.95%     99.95% |       18057      0.04%    100.00% |         121      0.00%    100.00% |         138      0.00%    100.00% |         525      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      41110192                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     41023716                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.010854                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002606                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.329278                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    40979188     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |       44528      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     41023716                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        86476                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   103.387819                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    87.853684                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    63.464965                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       67495     78.05%     78.05% |       18057     20.88%     98.93% |         121      0.14%     99.07% |         138      0.16%     99.23% |         525      0.61%     99.84% |         136      0.16%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        86476                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    883269992                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.004654                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000730                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.513343                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   883268057    100.00%    100.00% |        1778      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          98      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    883269992                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    883241229                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002501                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000600                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.158130                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |   883020319     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |      220910      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    883241229                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28763                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    67.121093                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.122191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.342324                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       26828     93.27%     93.27% |        1778      6.18%     99.45% |          30      0.10%     99.56% |          11      0.04%     99.60% |          98      0.34%     99.94% |          18      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28763                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples      1183353                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.427894                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.036096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.479545                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |     1181175     99.82%     99.82% |        1425      0.12%     99.94% |         647      0.05%     99.99% |          31      0.00%     99.99% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total      1183353                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1176716                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.054618                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.013183                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.737020                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     1170289     99.45%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |        6427      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      1176716                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6637                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    67.608407                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    54.613691                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    54.637502                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        4459     67.18%     67.18% |        1425     21.47%     88.65% |         647      9.75%     98.40% |          31      0.47%     98.87% |          38      0.57%     99.44% |          16      0.24%     99.68% |           5      0.08%     99.76% |           4      0.06%     99.82% |           5      0.08%     99.89% |           7      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6637                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12577665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    56.677993                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     8.268321                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    76.459582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |    10427881     82.91%     82.91% |     2048606     16.29%     99.20% |       22533      0.18%     99.37% |       27723      0.22%     99.60% |       40231      0.32%     99.92% |       10273      0.08%    100.00% |         359      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total     12577665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7603100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.203053                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.334397                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.253182                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |     6688407     87.97%     87.97% |           0      0.00%     87.97% |           0      0.00%     87.97% |           0      0.00%     87.97% |           0      0.00%     87.97% |      914693     12.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      7603100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4974565                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.937217                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   134.310011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.422579                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |     2824781     56.78%     56.78% |     2048606     41.18%     97.97% |       22533      0.45%     98.42% |       27723      0.56%     98.98% |       40231      0.81%     99.79% |       10273      0.21%     99.99% |         359      0.01%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      4974565                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12577665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12577665    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total     12577665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12577665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12577665    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12577665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1146692547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1146692547    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total   1146692547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       407072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.429329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.406433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.337549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      406346     99.82%     99.82% |         722      0.18%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       407072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples       406925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.018421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.004814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.417042                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |      405973     99.77%     99.77% |         253      0.06%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |         699      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total       406925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples       406925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.015639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.011999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.315388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      406584     99.92%     99.92% |         334      0.08%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total       406925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples       406925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.001900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.001792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.075206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      406853     99.98%     99.98% |          72      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total       406925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples       406925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean     0.385540                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev     1.045972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |      313409     77.02%     77.02% |       74661     18.35%     95.37% |        7640      1.88%     97.24% |          68      0.02%     97.26% |          55      0.01%     97.27% |          31      0.01%     97.28% |       11061      2.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total       406925                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9671105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999251                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.998026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.086520                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         724      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |     9670381     99.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      9671105                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     10580824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.663493                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   134.505958                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.027730                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr |    10374764     98.05%     98.05% |       95663      0.90%     98.96% |      108929      1.03%     99.99% |        1165      0.01%    100.00% |         175      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     10580824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::samples     10580824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::mean     1.044915                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::gmean     1.007983                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::stdev     0.846832                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request |    10551124     99.72%     99.72% |          16      0.00%     99.72% |          33      0.00%     99.72% |           0      0.00%     99.72% |       29617      0.28%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.issue_to_initial_request::total     10580824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::samples     10580824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::mean     8.047562                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::gmean     8.026245                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::stdev     0.976319                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10551157     99.72%     99.72% |       20045      0.19%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |        9616      0.09%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.initial_to_forward::total     10580824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::samples     10580824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::mean    24.000042                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::gmean    24.000040                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::stdev     0.011482                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10580781    100.00%    100.00% |          43      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.forward_to_first_response::total     10580824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::samples     10580824                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::mean   106.570974                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::gmean   100.303033                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::stdev    57.071995                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion |    10394628     98.24%     98.24% |       95496      0.90%     99.14% |       89546      0.85%     99.99% |         888      0.01%    100.00% |         157      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist_seqr.first_response_to_completion::total     10580824                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    202257378                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   202257378    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    202257378                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       333238                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.180826                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.175964                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.634433                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      333094     99.96%     99.96% |         141      0.04%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       333238                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      8483848                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.999971                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.999922                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.017166                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |          25      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     8483823    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      8483848                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5558217                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   139.048044                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   133.919648                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.015963                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     5454491     98.13%     98.13% |       45044      0.81%     98.94% |       57636      1.04%     99.98% |         751      0.01%     99.99% |         167      0.00%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      5558217                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     40978556                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40978556    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     40978556                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        23360                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    35.537115                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    35.407132                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.168525                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22571     96.62%     96.62% |         501      2.14%     98.77% |         288      1.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        23360                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        45160                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.860053                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    10.636989                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     1.174697                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |         632      1.40%      1.40% |           0      0.00%      1.40% |           0      0.00%      1.40% |           0      0.00%      1.40% |           0      0.00%      1.40% |       44528     98.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        45160                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        63116                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   128.500190                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   122.979257                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    56.394042                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |       44135     69.93%     69.93% |       18057     28.61%     98.54% |         121      0.19%     98.73% |         138      0.22%     98.95% |         525      0.83%     99.78% |         136      0.22%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        63116                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples    883020319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   883020319    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total    883020319                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        17549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.550402                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.545141                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.600066                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       17415     99.24%     99.24% |         134      0.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        17549                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       220910                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      220910    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       220910                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        11214                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.656501                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   114.414377                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.229139                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |        9279     82.74%     82.74% |        1778     15.86%     98.60% |          30      0.27%     98.87% |          11      0.10%     98.97% |          98      0.87%     99.84% |          18      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        11214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1170289                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1170289    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      1170289                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         4450                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.584719                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    36.505235                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.429337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4413     99.17%     99.17% |          23      0.52%     99.69% |          14      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         4450                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6427    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         6427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2187                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   130.733882                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   123.957789                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.716678                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           9      0.41%      0.41% |        1425     65.16%     65.57% |         647     29.58%     95.15% |          31      1.42%     96.57% |          38      1.74%     98.31% |          16      0.73%     99.04% |           5      0.23%     99.27% |           4      0.18%     99.45% |           5      0.23%     99.68% |           7      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total         2187                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6688407                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6688407    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      6688407                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28475                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.040632                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.975256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.275843                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       28120     98.75%     98.75% |          75      0.26%     99.02% |         278      0.98%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L1Cache.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total        28475                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples       914693                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean           11                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      914693    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total       914693                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples      4946090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.546871                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   135.377049                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    57.020820                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |     2796306     56.54%     56.54% |     2048606     41.42%     97.95% |       22533      0.46%     98.41% |       27723      0.56%     98.97% |       40231      0.81%     99.78% |       10273      0.21%     99.99% |         359      0.01%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total      4946090                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12577598                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    12577598    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total     12577598                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::samples           67                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          67    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist_seqr::total           67                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |     1561518     49.97%     49.97% |     1563081     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      3124599                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |     2105617     50.05%     50.05% |     2101768     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      4207385                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT     |     3461081     49.99%     49.99% |     3462966     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUT::total      6924047                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS |      137691     50.19%     50.19% |      136662     49.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockS::total       274353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM |     3520489     50.01%     50.01% |     3519292     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM::total      7039781                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean |        1466     49.81%     49.81% |        1477     50.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Clean::total         2943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty |          50     50.00%     50.00% |          50     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Dirty::total          100                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |     1463994     50.01%     50.01% |     1463276     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      2927270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |     1995571     49.97%     49.97% |     1998163     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      3993734                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |       28650     50.14%     50.14% |       28488     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total        57138                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1248     50.00%     50.00% |        1248     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     3508698     49.99%     49.99% |     3510256     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      7018954                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |     2025519     49.97%     49.97% |     2027949     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      4053468                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack     |      118969     50.13%     50.13% |      118370     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Ack::total       237339                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         622     52.01%     52.01% |         574     47.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total         1196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       29898     50.14%     50.14% |       29736     49.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        59634                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks |          45     38.79%     38.79% |          71     61.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.All_Unblocks::total          116                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX |        7420     53.82%     53.82% |        6367     46.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETX::total        13787                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS |      119240     49.96%     49.96% |      119438     50.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.GETS::total       238678                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT  |        1516     49.82%     49.82% |        1527     50.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.PUT::total         3043                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NX.DMA_WRITE::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX |       15560     50.83%     50.83% |       15049     49.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETX::total        30609                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS |       35708     51.86%     51.86% |       33148     48.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.GETS::total        68856                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT  |     3459565     49.99%     49.99% |     3461439     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.PUT::total      6921004                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ |         157     58.15%     58.15% |         113     41.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_READ::total          270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE |         465     50.22%     50.22% |         461     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO.DMA_WRITE::total          926                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX  |          91     51.12%     51.12% |          87     48.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETX::total          178                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS  |        2303     51.31%     51.31% |        2185     48.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O.GETS::total         4488                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX  |     1535845     49.95%     49.95% |     1539019     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX::total      3074864                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS  |     1941966     50.02%     50.02% |     1940590     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS::total      3882556                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ |       28493     50.10%     50.10% |       28375     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_READ::total        56868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE |         782     49.84%     49.84% |         787     50.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.DMA_WRITE::total         1569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX |         142     53.79%     53.79% |         122     46.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETX::total          264                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS |          45     38.79%     38.79% |          71     61.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.GETS::total          116                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS |      135199     50.17%     50.17% |      134293     49.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockS::total       269492                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM |     3520444     50.01%     50.01% |     3519212     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM::total      7039656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS |         142     55.69%     55.69% |         113     44.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockS::total          255                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_X.UnblockM::total            9                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM |          45     38.79%     38.79% |          71     61.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S.UnblockM::total          116                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS |          47     39.83%     39.83% |          71     60.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.UnblockS::total          118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks |          45     38.79%     38.79% |          71     61.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_S_W.All_Unblocks::total          116                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS |        2303     51.31%     51.31% |        2185     48.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B.UnblockS::total         4488                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data |     3477902     49.99%     49.99% |     3479696     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data::total      6957598                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data |        2303     51.31%     51.31% |        2185     48.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.O_B_W.Memory_Data::total         4488                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack |        4526     49.97%     49.97% |        4531     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Ack::total         9057                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data |         465     50.22%     50.22% |         461     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.Exclusive_Data::total          926                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |        1248     50.00%     50.00% |        1248     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_B_W.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data |       28493     50.10%     50.10% |       28375     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Memory_Data::total        56868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack |      113912     50.10%     50.10% |      113464     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_W.Ack::total       227376                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack |         471     58.15%     58.15% |         339     41.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Ack::total          810                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data |         157     58.15%     58.15% |         113     41.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.Exclusive_Data::total          270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |         157     58.15%     58.15% |         113     41.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B_D.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total          270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack |          60     62.50%     62.50% |          36     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.Ack::total           96                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers |       28493     50.10%     50.10% |       28375     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DR_B.All_acks_and_data_no_sharers::total        56868                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack |        1248     50.00%     50.00% |        1248     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_DW_W.Memory_Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX |        2458     50.21%     50.21% |        2437     49.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETX::total         4895                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS |        6353     50.07%     50.07% |        6335     49.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.GETS::total        12688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean |        1466     49.81%     49.81% |        1477     50.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Clean::total         2943                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty |          50     50.00%     50.00% |          50     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Dirty::total          100                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean |     1463994     50.01%     50.01% |     1463276     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Clean::total      2927270                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty |     1995571     49.97%     49.97% |     1998163     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB.Writeback_Exclusive_Dirty::total      3993734                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack |          50     50.00%     50.00% |          50     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_O_W.Memory_Ack::total          100                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack |     2024221     49.97%     49.97% |     2026651     50.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.WB_E_W.Memory_Ack::total      4050872                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total        57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total          57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total        57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2496                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |       57138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total        57138                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2496    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      545716      0.43%      0.43% |    37802011     29.68%     30.11% |    88164322     69.23%     99.35% |      832655      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    127344704                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2688987      0.53%      0.53% |   139672190     27.28%     27.81% |   364899559     71.28%     99.09% |     4653517      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    511914253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      404502      0.96%      0.96% |    16461498     39.09%     40.05% |    24582218     58.38%     98.43% |      660655      1.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     42108873                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3583512     49.99%     49.99% |     3583327     49.99%     99.99% |         939      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      7167778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |       43511      0.33%      0.33% |     5739371     43.53%     43.86% |     7316019     55.49%     99.35% |       85898      0.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total     13184799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        7413      0.13%      0.13% |     2068084     35.90%     36.03% |     3654991     63.44%     99.47% |       30703      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      5761191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       23938     16.59%     16.59% |       55734     38.63%     55.23% |       28608     19.83%     75.06% |       35982     24.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total       144262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       31351      0.53%      0.53% |     2123818     35.96%     36.49% |     3683599     62.38%     98.87% |       66685      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      5905453                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |     3115756     33.26%     33.26% |     1959821     20.92%     54.18% |     1178963     12.58%     66.76% |     3113758     33.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total      9368298                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |     4237709     33.08%     33.08% |     1787675     13.95%     47.03% |     2555918     19.95%     66.98% |     4230984     33.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total     12812286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS |          15     12.93%     12.93% |          19     16.38%     29.31% |          22     18.97%     48.28% |          60     51.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Merged_GETS::total          116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |       42485      0.20%      0.20% |    10571556     49.05%     49.25% |    10875489     50.46%     99.71% |       62424      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total     21551954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack |        3483      9.00%      9.00% |       16461     42.52%     51.52% |       16854     43.53%     95.05% |        1916      4.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Ack::total        38714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |        2839     15.86%     15.86% |        9793     54.70%     70.56% |        2327     13.00%     83.56% |        2944     16.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        17903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data |        5566      2.06%      2.06% |      245107     90.83%     92.89% |       12833      4.76%     97.64% |        6359      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Shared_Data::total       269865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       11759      0.17%      0.17% |     3370991     47.98%     48.15% |     3623511     51.57%     99.72% |       19555      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      7025816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3346371     48.33%     48.33% |     3576844     51.66%     99.99% |         832      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total      6924047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        5644      2.06%      2.06% |      247992     90.47%     92.53% |       13805      5.04%     97.57% |        6662      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total       274103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |       14548      0.21%      0.21% |     3378184     47.99%     48.19% |     3625023     51.49%     99.68% |       22276      0.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total      7040031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       12394      0.30%      0.30% |     2454333     58.79%     59.09% |     1689076     40.46%     99.55% |       18691      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      4174494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1620      8.02%      8.02% |        9730     48.16%     56.18% |        6781     33.57%     89.75% |        2071     10.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        20202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        4500      0.14%      0.14% |     1156723     37.21%     37.35% |     1941832     62.46%     99.81% |        5905      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3108960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |     3108250     33.37%     33.37% |     1951683     20.95%     54.32% |     1152359     12.37%     66.69% |     3102345     33.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total      9314637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |     4210346     33.78%     33.78% |     1763920     14.15%     47.93% |     2310003     18.53%     66.46% |     4181497     33.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total     12465766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       89180      0.33%      0.33% |     7345059     27.29%     27.62% |    19418216     72.14%     99.75% |       66060      0.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     26918515                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1899856      0.77%      0.77% |    84872455     34.41%     35.18% |   157831023     63.98%     99.16% |     2077358      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    246680692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1638     17.23%     17.23% |        4917     51.74%     68.97% |         956     10.06%     79.03% |        1993     20.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         9504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      237141     97.30%     97.30% |        6483      2.66%     99.96% |         107      0.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement::total       243731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2 |       19324      2.15%      2.15% |      750305     83.40%     85.55% |      106315     11.82%     97.36% |       23721      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_to_L2::total       899665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        2151      0.40%      0.40% |      464400     85.77%     86.17% |       71489     13.20%     99.37% |        3387      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total       541427                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |       14058     14.27%     14.27% |       43826     44.49%     58.76% |       23306     23.66%     82.42% |       17317     17.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        98507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX |        1759     19.79%     19.79% |        2297     25.84%     45.63% |        2511     28.25%     73.89% |        2321     26.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETX::total         8888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS |       11573     29.89%     29.89% |        9759     25.21%     55.10% |        7553     19.51%     74.61% |        9829     25.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Other_GETS::total        38714                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |       12689      0.17%      0.17% |     7381275     98.33%     98.50% |        8854      0.12%     98.62% |      103925      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total      7506743                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch  |      541134      9.50%      9.50% |     2646811     46.49%     55.99% |       10365      0.18%     56.17% |     2495306     43.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Ifetch::total      5693616                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          23      7.17%      7.17% |          88     27.41%     34.58% |         144     44.86%     79.44% |          66     20.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2013     66.15%     66.15% |         714     23.46%     89.62% |         316     10.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L2_Replacement::total         3043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2 |        9290     19.11%     19.11% |       13953     28.71%     47.82% |        1294      2.66%     50.49% |       24064     49.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_to_L2::total        48601                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1061      8.08%      8.08% |        5690     43.31%     51.39% |         521      3.97%     55.36% |        5865     44.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total        13137                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        7768     22.36%     22.36% |        8243     23.72%     46.08% |         418      1.20%     47.28% |       18316     52.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        34745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX |        2587     19.54%     19.54% |         698      5.27%     24.82% |        6076     45.90%     70.72% |        3876     29.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETX::total        13237                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS |        6155      2.58%      2.58% |        2654      1.11%      3.69% |      213487     89.45%     93.14% |       16382      6.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Other_GETS::total       238678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       58463      0.12%      0.12% |     6310421     12.89%     13.01% |    42519048     86.82%     99.83% |       83713      0.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     48971645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |      222029      0.09%      0.09% |    52085258     20.08%     20.17% |   207019922     79.82%     99.98% |       41996      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total    259369205                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        3534      0.39%      0.39% |      867941     95.29%     95.68% |       33152      3.64%     99.32% |        6174      0.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total       910801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1325882     45.22%     45.22% |     1605990     54.77%    100.00% |         107      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      2931979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |        5884      0.10%      0.10% |     2011134     33.99%     34.09% |     3892834     65.80%     99.89% |        6604      0.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total      5916456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        1094      0.04%      0.04% |      673997     22.92%     22.96% |     2263125     76.96%     99.92% |        2386      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2940602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |        2112     19.18%     19.18% |        3665     33.29%     52.47% |        4884     44.36%     96.83% |         349      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total        11010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX |         405     11.41%     11.41% |        1010     28.46%     39.87% |        1599     45.05%     84.93% |         535     15.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETX::total         3549                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS |        3667     11.80%     11.80% |        3131     10.08%     21.88% |       16984     54.67%     76.55% |        7287     23.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Other_GETS::total        31069                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS |           5     13.51%     13.51% |           5     13.51%     27.03% |           5     13.51%     40.54% |          22     59.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Merged_GETS::total           37                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      367591      1.06%      1.06% |    12423670     35.93%     36.99% |    21245379     61.45%     98.44% |      539391      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     34576031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      392409      1.05%      1.05% |    14227993     37.96%     39.01% |    22221830     59.29%     98.31% |      634961      1.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     37477193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2018476     50.60%     50.60% |     1970140     49.39%     99.99% |         409      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L2_Replacement::total      3989025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |        9013      0.14%      0.14% |     2963979     46.90%     47.04% |     3315576     52.46%     99.50% |       31509      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total      6320077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |        3107      0.14%      0.14% |      923997     40.78%     40.91% |     1319856     58.25%     99.16% |       19065      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total      2266025                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX |        2755      9.84%      9.84% |        4133     14.77%     24.61% |       16417     58.66%     83.27% |        4681     16.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETX::total        27986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS |        5968     15.68%     15.68% |        8211     21.58%     37.26% |        7891     20.73%     57.99% |       15987     42.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Other_GETS::total        38057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS |          10     12.66%     12.66% |          14     17.72%     30.38% |          17     21.52%     51.90% |          38     48.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Merged_GETS::total           79                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load   |        2139      0.40%      0.40% |      464212     85.81%     86.20% |       71464     13.21%     99.41% |        3189      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Load::total       541004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch |       14058     14.27%     14.27% |       43826     44.49%     58.76% |       23306     23.66%     82.42% |       17317     17.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Ifetch::total        98507                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store  |          12      2.84%      2.84% |         188     44.44%     47.28% |          25      5.91%     53.19% |         198     46.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SR.Store::total          423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load   |        1056      8.18%      8.18% |        5493     42.56%     50.74% |         507      3.93%     54.67% |        5851     45.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Load::total        12907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch |        7768     22.36%     22.36% |        8243     23.72%     46.08% |         418      1.20%     47.28% |       18316     52.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Ifetch::total        34745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store  |           5      2.17%      2.17% |         197     85.65%     87.83% |          14      6.09%     93.91% |          14      6.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OR.Store::total          230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |         984      0.03%      0.03% |      660643     22.75%     22.79% |     2240538     77.16%     99.95% |        1435      0.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total      2903600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |        2112     19.18%     19.18% |        3665     33.29%     52.47% |        4884     44.36%     96.83% |         349      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total        11010                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store  |         110      0.30%      0.30% |       13354     36.09%     36.39% |       22587     61.04%     97.43% |         951      2.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Store::total        37002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |        1177      0.07%      0.07% |      752012     43.58%     43.65% |      962100     55.75%     99.40% |       10314      0.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total      1725603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |        1930      0.36%      0.36% |      171985     31.82%     32.18% |      357756     66.20%     98.38% |        8751      1.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total       540422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |       10021      0.11%      0.11% |     3419770     36.93%     37.04% |     5820901     62.86%     99.90% |        8899      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total      9259591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |        1111     31.85%     31.85% |        1574     45.13%     76.98% |         368     10.55%     87.53% |         435     12.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         3488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        3389      0.11%      0.11% |     1155149     37.20%     37.31% |     1941465     62.52%     99.82% |        5470      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      3105473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2810     26.09%     26.09% |        4636     43.05%     69.14% |         766      7.11%     76.26% |        2557     23.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total        10769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data   |        1650     16.62%     16.62% |        5105     51.43%     68.05% |         981      9.88%     77.93% |        2191     22.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Data::total         9927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Other_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |          84      5.09%      5.09% |         855     51.82%     56.91% |         471     28.55%     85.45% |         240     14.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         1650                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers |          28      5.09%      5.09% |         285     51.82%     56.91% |         157     28.55%     85.45% |          80     14.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks_no_sharers::total          550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack   |         944      7.72%      7.72% |        7349     60.12%     67.85% |        1803     14.75%     82.60% |        2127     17.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.Ack::total        12223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers |        2761     20.58%     20.58% |        6679     49.79%     70.37% |        1349     10.06%     80.42% |        2626     19.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ISM.All_acks_no_sharers::total        13415                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |          38      3.63%      3.63% |         808     77.25%     80.88% |         160     15.30%     96.18% |          40      3.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total         1046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |           2      0.47%      0.47% |          24      5.61%      6.07% |         106     24.77%     30.84% |         296     69.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total          428                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack   |        4947     17.56%     17.56% |        8880     31.51%     49.07% |        5425     19.25%     68.32% |        8928     31.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Ack::total        28180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        8368      0.21%      0.21% |     2215818     56.53%     56.74% |     1681940     42.91%     99.65% |       13789      0.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3919915                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |         338      1.82%      1.82% |       16368     88.17%     89.99% |         637      3.43%     93.42% |        1221      6.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total        18564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack  |         792      2.58%      2.58% |       24677     80.48%     83.06% |        1618      5.28%     88.34% |        3576     11.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Ack::total        30663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |        3391      0.11%      0.11% |     1155173     37.19%     37.30% |     1941571     62.51%     99.81% |        5766      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total      3105901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Other_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |       20344      0.17%      0.17% |     6815214     57.24%     57.41% |     5040375     42.33%     99.74% |       30678      0.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total     11906611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack |        2546      9.34%      9.34% |       12987     47.63%     56.96% |       10623     38.96%     95.92% |        1112      4.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Ack::total        27268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |          78      1.74%      1.74% |        3114     69.39%     71.12% |         978     21.79%     92.91% |         318      7.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total         4488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data |        5566      2.06%      2.06% |      245107     90.83%     92.89% |       12833      4.76%     97.64% |        6359      2.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Shared_Data::total       269865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        8370      0.21%      0.21% |     2215842     56.52%     56.74% |     1682046     42.91%     99.64% |       14085      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3920343                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |           5      1.15%      1.15% |         300     69.12%     70.28% |          85     19.59%     89.86% |          44     10.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          434                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch |         410      6.54%      6.54% |        2201     35.11%     41.65% |        2854     45.53%     87.17% |         804     12.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ifetch::total         6269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |           1      0.77%      0.77% |           4      3.08%      3.85% |           4      3.08%      6.92% |         121     93.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack    |        2543      0.84%      0.84% |      290175     96.00%     96.84% |        4130      1.37%     98.21% |        5419      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Ack::total       302267                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack |         937      8.19%      8.19% |        3474     30.35%     38.54% |        6231     54.44%     92.98% |         804      7.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Shared_Ack::total        11446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks |        5644      2.06%      2.06% |      247992     90.47%     92.53% |       13805      5.04%     97.57% |        6662      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks::total       274103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         229     91.60%     91.60% |           6      2.40%     94.00% |          15      6.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.All_acks_no_sharers::total          250                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Load::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2013     66.15%     66.15% |         714     23.46%     89.62% |         316     10.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack::total         3043                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3782     29.83%     29.83% |        8895     70.16%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total        12678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1716     35.06%     35.06% |        3175     64.86%     99.92% |           4      0.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Store::total         4895                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3344358     48.32%     48.32% |     3576130     51.67%     99.99% |         516      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack::total      6921004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1 |       16209      2.53%      2.53% |      508226     79.42%     81.95% |       94795     14.81%     96.76% |       20704      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.ST.Complete_L2_to_L1::total       639934                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        8829     18.44%     18.44% |       13933     29.10%     47.54% |         939      1.96%     49.50% |       24181     50.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total        47882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        3206      0.11%      0.11% |      677662     22.96%     23.07% |     2268009     76.84%     99.91% |        2735      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2951612                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |        3107      0.14%      0.14% |      923997     40.78%     40.91% |     1319856     58.25%     99.16% |       19065      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total      2266025                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
