
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.203428                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1203428365500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53394569972001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122433                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   163825                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              272045382                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2318700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4423.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   541596823                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     724699217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    101564736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         101564736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     49874496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       49874496                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1586949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1586949                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       779289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            779289                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     84396163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             84396163                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41443677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            41443677                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    125839839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           125839839                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1586949                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    779289                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1586949                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  779289                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             101560384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               49874176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              101564736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            49874496                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            99825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            99072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            99683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           100155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           100235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            99884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            99501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           100128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            98215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            98492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           98816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           97858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           97802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           98027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           99068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          100120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            49359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            48746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            49209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            49552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            49474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            49255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            49136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            49187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            48015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            48013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           48182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           47738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           47830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           47971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           48461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           49156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1203428378000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1586949                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              779289                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1586450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 23973                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 26478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 43341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 45960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 45896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 45884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 45816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 45783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 45764                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 45773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 45829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 45833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 45694                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 45586                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 45521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 45486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 45311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 45288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       976162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   155.132611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.014091                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   221.509127                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       657580     67.36%     67.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       186326     19.09%     86.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        35776      3.66%     90.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17355      1.78%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        15814      1.62%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10054      1.03%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8431      0.86%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        11991      1.23%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        32835      3.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       976162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.041072                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.082210                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15          6821     15.06%     15.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        16613     36.68%     51.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        12873     28.43%     80.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         4594     10.14%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79         1982      4.38%     94.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          910      2.01%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          500      1.10%     97.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          337      0.74%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143          224      0.49%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159          130      0.29%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175          100      0.22%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           64      0.14%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207           41      0.09%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223           35      0.08%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239           15      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            8      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            9      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      0.00%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::304-319            3      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            3      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            3      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::352-367            9      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-399            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::416-431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::480-495            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        45286                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.208055                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.172312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.110816                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           19221     42.44%     42.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            1838      4.06%     46.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           20321     44.87%     91.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            3448      7.61%     98.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             411      0.91%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              45      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        45286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 21205422999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            50959441749                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                7934405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13362.96                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32112.96                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       84.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       41.44                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    84.40                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    41.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.15                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1000731                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 389272                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                63.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    508582.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3756027240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2049419625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             6302056800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2553132960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         79071925920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        238717272240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        516972073500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          849421908285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           701.640909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 854883990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40185080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 308359236500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3652598880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1992985500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             6210999600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2497780800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         79071925920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        237101294025                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        518389598250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          848917182975                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           701.223995                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 856394598250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40185080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 306847549250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    101618944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         101618944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     49990272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       49990272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1587796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1587796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       781098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            781098                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     84441207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             84441207                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41539882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            41539882                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    125981089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           125981089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1587796                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    781098                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1587796                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  781098                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             101615040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   3904                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               49989312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              101618944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            49990272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    61                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            99830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            99211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            99635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           100116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           100246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            99903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            99677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           100183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            98322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            98452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           98892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           97849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           97902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           98103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           99258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          100156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            49466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            48900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            49234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            49585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            49545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            49329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            49354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            49327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            48135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            48107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           48287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           47768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           48000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           48085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           48686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           49275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1203428142500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1587796                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              781098                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1587450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 24965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 27296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 43464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 45898                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 45890                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 45832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 45761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 45777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 45790                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 45802                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 45894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 45856                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 45595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 45585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 45569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 45489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 45300                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 45267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1002444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.235117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.782156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   213.639488                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       685795     68.41%     68.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       180087     17.96%     86.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        39182      3.91%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20098      2.00%     92.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17318      1.73%     94.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10937      1.09%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8907      0.89%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9299      0.93%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        30821      3.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1002444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.072481                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.841493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         23226     51.31%     51.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-63        17808     39.34%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-95         2795      6.17%     96.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          788      1.74%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          337      0.74%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          179      0.40%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           69      0.15%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           29      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           10      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::352-383           15      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        45267                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.255020                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.219136                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.113237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           18343     40.52%     40.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            1771      3.91%     44.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           21020     46.44%     90.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            3593      7.94%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             488      1.08%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              44      0.10%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               7      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        45267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 21163501750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            50933533000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                7938675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13329.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32079.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       84.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       41.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    84.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    41.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  993996                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 372382                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                62.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    508012.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3847639320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2099406375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             6304155000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2558453040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         79071925920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        238525246935                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        517140516750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          849547343340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           701.744521                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 855196059500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  40185080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 308049828500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3759769440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2051461500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             6215578200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2504124720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         79071925920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        237573530190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        517975356000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          849151745970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           701.417749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 855770360250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  40185080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 307471488250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2407459912                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1089057                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2359040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2307866                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    39                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      70944                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       153523                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2307866                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           39                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            4704740                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           1907158                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  63                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 31                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1267221                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             696840                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       560156                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     345286                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    214870                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2402469546.680724                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              4990365.319276                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002073                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997927                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           246205                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                38579      1.64%      1.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  1743372     73.90%     75.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4053      0.17%     75.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    12872      0.55%     76.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                     30      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  345286     14.64%     90.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 214870      9.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2359062                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2408774566                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  533888159                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    709243071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            508865175                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331101068                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     434617                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31471544                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   508865175                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331101068                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1070240269                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         339892047                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564014582                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276695748                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           220314930                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          241378533                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    152856032                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   94772424                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58083608                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              9380608.716723                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2399393957.283278                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996106                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003894                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         33885800                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               955238      0.13%      0.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                444119746     62.62%     62.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   25486      0.00%     62.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   145140      0.02%     62.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111149730     15.67%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                94772424     13.36%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58083608      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 709251372                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2406767095                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     895380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      1928618                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              1882483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      52264                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       138814                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     1882483                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            3821863                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           1562546                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1094483                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             569433                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       454590                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     284709                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    169881                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2402833520.499382                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              3933574.500618                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.001634                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.998366                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           208205                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                35709      1.85%      1.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  1421885     73.73%     75.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3683      0.19%     75.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    12754      0.66%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  284709     14.76%     91.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 169881      8.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   1928621                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2404886784                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    2905377                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      5767249                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              5666934                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1826                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     147364                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       489608                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     5666934                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1826                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           11282745                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           4604490                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                3068                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1448                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             3641703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            1977087                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      1302030                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     843665                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    458365                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2392244690.688589                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              12642093.311411                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.005257                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.994743                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           663662                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                37876      0.66%      0.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  4409090     76.45%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    4614      0.08%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    12354      0.21%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1376      0.02%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  843665     14.63%     92.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 458365      7.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   5767340                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 708                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1469                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1469                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          614                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          927                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1228                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2171                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1253                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                20497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1195500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              761499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              817286                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              770000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              766498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                4000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2088500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              481500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              471000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              471000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    936636290                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000511                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   936636045    100.00%    100.00% |         245      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    936636290                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      936636290                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.582210                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.036618                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.079209                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   936553404     99.99%     99.99% |       41188      0.00%    100.00% |       40277      0.00%    100.00% |         971      0.00%    100.00% |         335      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        936636290                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    927119899                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   927119899    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    927119899                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9516391                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    58.303100                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.454226                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.734968                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     9433505     99.13%     99.13% |       41188      0.43%     99.56% |       40277      0.42%     99.99% |         971      0.01%    100.00% |         335      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9516391                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       547576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        11837                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       559413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1425287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        16154                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1441441                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    156437271                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9380049                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    165817320                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    762055112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        21047                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    762076159                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       444256                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        10191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       454447                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1177381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        10500                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1187881                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1253466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses        50598                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1304064                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits      3779550                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        16015                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3795565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             3                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6315449                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      3200942                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9516391                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.005072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0        27991                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1671                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19577                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5080                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3906                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        42514                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8068                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          377                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        45342                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       223928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       120312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1409544                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1060632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        40640                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       281232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       340112                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        64544                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3016                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       362736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     2.024700                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9401096                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3160797                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6233052                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8818                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2286                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8114824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     17718428                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1583                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          250                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10145486                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     75208768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    227577384                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    448779744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       634896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        18288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    584267328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    141747424                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        12664                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     81163888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.004011                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        20691                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1540                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13325                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        13060                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4429                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        29936                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7324                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1878                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        31230                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       165528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       110880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       959400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       940320                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31616                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       318888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       239488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        58592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       249840                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.014264                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0        66613                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10737                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        49495                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        15597                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2873                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45071                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       122414                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9222                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        82749                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       532904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       773064                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3563640                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1122984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        22984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3245112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       979312                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        73776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9920                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       661992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     2.584109                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9516391                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3174745                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      6349490                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6315449                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6701                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9728617                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     17913292                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      3120774                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26197                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3508                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13479552                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     76131128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25397960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    457163280                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    454712328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    700460424                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    143306336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     24966192                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       209576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28064                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    107836416                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.270359                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1586949                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1586949                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       779289                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1558578                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1586949                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12695592                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    114260328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     56108808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12468624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12695592                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.270662                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1587796                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1587796                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       781098                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1562196                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1587796                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12702368                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    114321312                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     56239056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12497568                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12702368                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.574798                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9516391                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3174745                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2      6349490                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6315449                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        26103                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        10446                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9728617                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     17913292                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      3120774                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26197                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3745                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13479552                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     76131128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25397960                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    457163280                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    454712328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1879416                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        83568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    700460424                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    143306336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     24966192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       209576                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        29960                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    107836416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     38073408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     19048470                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     18946347                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data        78309                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        31338                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     29185851                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     63102198                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control        78591                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        10998                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     40438656                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    304587264                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1371489840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   1364136984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      5638248                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       250704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   2101381272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    504817584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       628728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control        87984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    323509248                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005941                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1671                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19577                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6703                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4703                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21257                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8068                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          377                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       120312                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1409544                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       482616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        37624                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       170056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        64544                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3016                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004204                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        27991                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         8028                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          377                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         3906                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21257                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        45342                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       223928                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       578016                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         3016                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       281232                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       170056                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       362736                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     1.941804                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3160797                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6233052                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7241                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2036                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8859214                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1583                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          250                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    227577384                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    448779744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       521352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        16288                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     70873712                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        12664                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     2.107596                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9401096                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         1577                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          250                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8114824                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8859214                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10145486                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     75208768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       113544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         2000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    584267328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     70873712                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     81163888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004405                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1540                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13325                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5781                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2074                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7324                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1878                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       110880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       959400                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       416232                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        16592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        58592                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003618                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        20691                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7279                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1878                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2         4429                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14968                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        31230                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       165528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       524088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        15024                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       318888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       249840                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.013977                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10737                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        49495                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6378                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1633                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61207                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9222                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       773064                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3563640                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       459216                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13064                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       489656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        73776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9920                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.014550                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        66613                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9219                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        45071                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61207                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        82749                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       532904                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       663768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9920                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      3245112                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       489656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       661992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     2.750995                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9516391                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3174745                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8168230                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8956646                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1560387                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10304807                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     76131128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    228581640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    588112560                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     71653168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12483096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     82438456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     2.417222                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3174745                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3174745                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6315449                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6701                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1560387                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8956646                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1560387                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        26197                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         3508                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3174745                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25397960                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    228581640                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    454712328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        53608                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    112347864                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     71653168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12483096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       209576                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        28064                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     25397960                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.227824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1586949                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       779289                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       779289                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1586949                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12695592                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     56108808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6234312                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12695592                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.312894                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1586949                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       779289                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    114260328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6234312                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.228235                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1587796                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       781098                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       781098                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1587796                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12702368                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     56239056                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6248784                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12702368                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.313090                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1587796                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       781098                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    114321312                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6248784                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005941                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1671                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        19577                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6703                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4703                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21257                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         8068                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          377                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       120312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1409544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       482616                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        37624                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       170056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        64544                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         3016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     1.941804                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3160797                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6233052                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         7241                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2036                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8859214                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         1583                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          250                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    227577384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    448779744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       521352                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        16288                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     70873712                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        12664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         2000                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.004405                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         1540                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        13325                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         5781                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2074                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        14968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         7324                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1878                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       110880                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       959400                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       416232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        16592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       119744                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        58592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        15024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.013977                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        10737                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        49495                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6378                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1633                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        61207                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9222                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1240                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       773064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3563640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       459216                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13064                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       489656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        73776                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         9920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     2.750995                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9516391                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3174745                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8168230                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8956646                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1560387                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10304807                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     76131128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    228581640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    588112560                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     71653168                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12483096                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     82438456                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.227824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1586949                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       779289                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       779289                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1586949                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12695592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     56108808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6234312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12695592                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.228235                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1587796                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       781098                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       781098                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1587796                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12702368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     56239056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6248784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12702368                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    108866550                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.551432                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.194391                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.303813                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   108820153     99.96%     99.96% |       22672      0.02%     99.98% |       23175      0.02%    100.00% |         385      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     108866550                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    103197179                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   103197179    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    103197179                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5669371                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.994076                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.297997                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.482700                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     5622974     99.18%     99.18% |       22672      0.40%     99.58% |       23175      0.41%     99.99% |         385      0.01%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      5669371                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     58783182                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.477948                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.268836                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     25.645685                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    58747340     99.94%     99.94% |       18156      0.03%     99.97% |       16827      0.03%    100.00% |         578      0.00%    100.00% |         196      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      58783182                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     55042347                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    55042347    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     55042347                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3740835                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    71.366122                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    42.160620                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.490195                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     3704993     99.04%     99.04% |       18156      0.49%     99.53% |       16827      0.45%     99.98% |         578      0.02%     99.99% |         196      0.01%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      3740835                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    768501046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.002101                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000249                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.401115                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   768498685    100.00%    100.00% |        2257      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    768501046                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    768437330                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   768437330    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    768437330                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        63716                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    26.343917                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.142473                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    36.032607                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       61355     96.29%     96.29% |        2257      3.54%     99.84% |          23      0.04%     99.87% |          24      0.04%     99.91% |          42      0.07%     99.98% |          14      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        63716                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       217658                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.479197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.207650                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     9.379936                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      217354     99.86%     99.86% |         280      0.13%     99.99% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       217658                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       204140                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      204140    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       204140                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13518                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.817059                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.862287                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    29.743652                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13214     97.75%     97.75% |         280      2.07%     99.82% |          11      0.08%     99.90% |           4      0.03%     99.93% |           5      0.04%     99.97% |           4      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13518                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133927                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.832767                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.398275                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.710069                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      133408     99.61%     99.61% |         298      0.22%     99.83% |         210      0.16%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       133927                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       104976                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      104976    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       104976                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28951                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    83.494180                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    57.201630                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.112389                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       28432     98.21%     98.21% |         298      1.03%     99.24% |         210      0.73%     99.96% |           7      0.02%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28951                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       133927                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       133927                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       133927                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      133927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       133927                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      782495     49.94%     49.94% |      784280     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1566775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      804454     50.03%     50.03% |      803516     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1607970                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      779280     49.94%     49.94% |      781089     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      1560369                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |           9     50.00%     50.00% |           9     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      796962     50.02%     50.02% |      796334     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1593296                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |        7492     51.06%     51.06% |        7182     48.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total        14674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      782495     49.94%     49.94% |      784280     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1566775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      779289     49.94%     49.94% |      781098     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      1560387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1586949     49.99%     49.99% |     1587796     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3174745                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      779289     49.94%     49.94% |      781098     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1560387                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      249389     49.80%     49.80% |      251404     50.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       500793                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      796962     50.02%     50.02% |      796334     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1593296                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      779280     49.94%     49.94% |      781089     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      1560369                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      533106     50.01%     50.01% |      532876     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1065982                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |        7492     51.06%     51.06% |        7182     48.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total        14674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |           9     50.00%     50.00% |           9     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      779280     49.94%     49.94% |      781089     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      1560369                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |           9     50.00%     50.00% |           9     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           18                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      796962     50.02%     50.02% |      796334     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1593296                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      796962     50.02%     50.02% |      796334     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1593296                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |        7492     51.06%     51.06% |        7182     48.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total        14674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |        7492     51.06%     51.06% |        7182     48.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total        14674                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      782495     49.94%     49.94% |      784280     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1566775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      782495     49.94%     49.94% |      784280     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      1566775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      779280     49.94%     49.94% |      781089     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      1560369                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |           9     50.00%     50.00% |           9     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      317301      0.29%      0.29% |   107513214     98.76%     99.05% |      264535      0.24%     99.29% |      771506      0.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    108866556                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1441441      0.19%      0.19% |   762076159     99.16%     99.35% |     1187881      0.15%     99.51% |     3795565      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    768501046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      242112      0.41%      0.41% |    58304112     98.37%     98.78% |      189912      0.32%     99.10% |      532558      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     59268694                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       23213      0.26%      0.26% |     8865165     98.85%     99.11% |       17118      0.19%     99.30% |       63030      0.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      8968526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |          40     42.55%     42.55% |           6      6.38%     48.94% |          45     47.87%     96.81% |           3      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        2041     30.71%     30.71% |         140      2.11%     32.82% |        2052     30.88%     63.69% |        2413     36.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         6646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        6271     31.46%     31.46% |        1440      7.22%     38.68% |        5415     27.16%     65.84% |        6809     34.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        19935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         377     10.07%     10.07% |         250      6.68%     16.74% |        1878     50.15%     66.89% |        1240     33.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         3745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4703     45.02%     45.02% |        2036     19.49%     64.51% |        2074     19.85%     84.37% |        1633     15.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        10446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       21109      0.88%      0.88% |     2350142     97.46%     98.33% |       15264      0.63%     98.97% |       24901      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2411416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |        6842      0.10%      0.10% |     7050948     99.24%     99.34% |        5382      0.08%     99.41% |       41709      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      7104881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       17351      2.20%      2.20% |      744390     94.42%     96.62% |       10539      1.34%     97.95% |       16136      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       788416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |        3906      0.05%      0.05% |     8114824     99.35%     99.39% |        4429      0.05%     99.45% |       45071      0.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      8168230                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |        3888      0.10%      0.10% |     3765578     99.53%     99.63% |        2113      0.06%     99.69% |       11725      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      3783304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |        6882      0.10%      0.10% |     7050954     99.24%     99.34% |        5427      0.08%     99.41% |       41712      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      7104975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7949      0.14%      0.14% |     5614471     99.03%     99.17% |        8078      0.14%     99.31% |       38873      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5669371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       16154     25.35%     25.35% |       21047     33.03%     58.39% |       10500     16.48%     74.87% |       16015     25.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total        63716                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        2289      0.07%      0.07% |     3224940     99.56%     99.63% |        1309      0.04%     99.67% |       10598      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3239136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1956     27.58%     27.58% |        1164     16.41%     43.99% |        2150     30.31%     74.30% |        1823     25.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         7093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       74093      0.18%      0.18% |    40205067     99.35%     99.53% |       73225      0.18%     99.71% |      116607      0.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     40468992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1425287      0.19%      0.19% |   762055112     99.17%     99.35% |     1177381      0.15%     99.51% |     3779550      0.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    768437330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1559      0.29%      0.29% |      540632     99.37%     99.65% |         759      0.14%     99.79% |        1124      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       544074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       19096      1.02%      1.02% |     1809002     97.09%     98.11% |       12349      0.66%     98.78% |       22801      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1863248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        1771     41.71%     41.71% |         759     17.88%     59.59% |        1042     24.54%     84.13% |         674     15.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         4246                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         377     10.07%     10.07% |         250      6.68%     16.74% |        1878     50.15%     66.89% |        1240     33.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         137      1.86%      1.86% |         155      2.10%      3.96% |        4674     63.38%     67.34% |        2409     32.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         7375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |          40     42.55%     42.55% |           6      6.38%     48.94% |          45     47.87%     96.81% |           3      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |          74     37.56%     37.56% |          36     18.27%     55.84% |          58     29.44%     85.28% |          29     14.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1388     27.11%     27.11% |          18      0.35%     27.46% |        1591     31.07%     58.54% |        2123     41.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         5120                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         298      5.78%      5.78% |          35      0.68%      6.46% |        1781     34.55%     41.01% |        3041     58.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         5155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |        7749      0.15%      0.15% |     5145653     98.33%     98.48% |        2952      0.06%     98.54% |       76540      1.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      5232894                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |         417      0.02%      0.02% |     2076877     99.02%     99.04% |         135      0.01%     99.05% |       19900      0.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2097329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |         423      0.04%      0.04% |     1001145     99.25%     99.29% |        1188      0.12%     99.41% |        5978      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1008734                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         447     44.61%     44.61% |          29      2.89%     47.50% |         361     36.03%     83.53% |         165     16.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1002                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1593     29.38%     29.38% |          32      0.59%     29.97% |        1616     29.80%     59.77% |        2181     40.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         5422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        2113      0.16%      0.16% |     1298942     97.42%     97.57% |        2542      0.19%     97.77% |       29798      2.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total      1333395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |          64      0.03%      0.03% |      207213     99.08%     99.11% |          24      0.01%     99.12% |        1841      0.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       209142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total         1595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |          33    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |         102     58.62%     58.62% |           0      0.00%     58.62% |          72     41.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        2930      0.09%      0.09% |     3078163     98.90%     98.99% |        3290      0.11%     99.10% |       28146      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      3112529                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      224672      0.40%      0.40% |    54629053     98.38%     98.78% |      172792      0.31%     99.09% |      503687      0.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     55530204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      229844      0.48%      0.48% |    46717756     98.15%     98.64% |      184908      0.39%     99.03% |      463776      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     47596284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        1664      0.03%      0.03% |     6049031     99.42%     99.44% |        1373      0.02%     99.47% |       32399      0.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      6084467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         168     34.64%     34.64% |          93     19.18%     53.81% |          99     20.41%     74.23% |         125     25.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        2363     50.57%     50.57% |         611     13.08%     63.64% |         789     16.88%     80.53% |         910     19.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         4673                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |         588      0.09%      0.09% |      619867     99.29%     99.38% |         272      0.04%     99.42% |        3592      0.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       624319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |        7899      0.14%      0.14% |     5536688     99.18%     99.32% |        2732      0.05%     99.37% |       35316      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      5582635                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total         3192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         144     54.34%     54.34% |           3      1.13%     55.47% |         115     43.40%     98.87% |           3      1.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total          265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |        3952      0.10%      0.10% |     3972791     99.51%     99.61% |        2137      0.05%     99.66% |       13566      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      3992446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2161     43.91%     43.91% |         852     17.31%     61.23% |        1007     20.46%     81.69% |         901     18.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         4921                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |        2289      0.07%      0.07% |     3224940     99.56%     99.63% |        1309      0.04%     99.67% |       10598      0.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      3239136                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2375     50.85%     50.85% |         892     19.10%     69.94% |         792     16.96%     86.90% |         612     13.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        1559      0.29%      0.29% |      540632     99.37%     99.65% |         759      0.14%     99.79% |        1124      0.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       544074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |          40     42.55%     42.55% |           6      6.38%     48.94% |          45     47.87%     96.81% |           3      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total           94                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         167     19.56%     19.56% |         292     34.19%     53.75% |         275     32.20%     85.95% |         120     14.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total          854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |        3888      0.10%      0.10% |     3765578     99.53%     99.63% |        2113      0.06%     99.69% |       11725      0.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      3783304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       21109      0.88%      0.88% |     2350142     97.46%     98.33% |       15264      0.63%     98.97% |       24901      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2411416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        2994      0.09%      0.09% |     3285376     98.91%     99.00% |        3314      0.10%     99.10% |       29987      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3321671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       17351      2.20%      2.20% |      744390     94.42%     96.62% |       10539      1.34%     97.95% |       16136      2.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       788416                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        1745      0.16%      0.16% |     1064612     99.05%     99.21% |        1810      0.17%     99.38% |        6665      0.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1074832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |          74     37.56%     37.56% |          36     18.27%     55.84% |          58     29.44%     85.28% |          29     14.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        2087      0.03%      0.03% |     7050176     99.39%     99.42% |        2561      0.04%     99.46% |       38377      0.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      7093201                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5733179      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3783309      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            197      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        7093201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1778531      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS          84717      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       1566775      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           3174745      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1074832      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      7093398      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      1560387      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        3199832      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      7104975      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2630251      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1607970      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1025687      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         4246      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       539565      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      1069415      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         5417      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        10095      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         1487      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      7093201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          174      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         2879      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         5040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         2517      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       709244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      1063369      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           42      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only           44      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          767      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           18      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS        78596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         1454      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       706555      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS        77271      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         6495      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      3316998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2209786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1560369      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA           73      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         2517      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock        77271      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         5417      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1069415      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       706555      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock           44      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          767      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      7093201      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         4246      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           42      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS           46      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         5422      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock         6334      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         2879      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS           46      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         5040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1607970      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1607970      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       1025756      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       541019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      1566775      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      1566775      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      2209786      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       709244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      3316998      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          783      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock        78596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      1560369      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           18      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.230164                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1230163880500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               53421305487001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 122337                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   165121                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              270795963                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2578796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4542.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   555748110                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     750108374                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103246464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total         103246464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     50793664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       50793664                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1613226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total            1613226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       793651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            793651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     83929032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             83929032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     41290160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            41290160                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    125219193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           125219193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                    1613226                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    793651                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                  1613226                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  793651                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM             103239872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   6592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               50793600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys              103246464                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            50793664                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   103                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0           101902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1           100418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2           100977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3           101446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4           101831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5           101345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6           100811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7           101752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            99563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9           100527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10          101481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           99439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           99143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           99868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14          100410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15          102210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            50535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            49570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            49917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            50333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            50362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            50158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            49851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            50165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            48820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            49240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           49440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           48567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           48509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           48951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           49103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           50129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 1230162214000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6              1613226                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              793651                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                1612033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   1081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                 24619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                 27161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 44113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 46770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 46718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 46702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 46637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 46604                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 46581                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 46593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 46654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 46660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 46511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 46405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 46334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 46296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 46120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 46097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       995129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.787570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.008227                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.608005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       669567     67.28%     67.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255       190905     19.18%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        36869      3.70%     90.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        17779      1.79%     91.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16070      1.61%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767        10207      1.03%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         8539      0.86%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        12092      1.22%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        33101      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       995129                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     34.995379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.079535                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-15          7017     15.22%     15.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::16-31        16890     36.64%     51.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::32-47        13052     28.32%     80.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::48-63         4676     10.14%     90.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::64-79         2028      4.40%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::80-95          920      2.00%     96.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::96-111          508      1.10%     97.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::112-127          339      0.74%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-143          227      0.49%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::144-159          133      0.29%     99.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::160-175          100      0.22%     99.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::176-191           64      0.14%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::192-207           41      0.09%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::208-223           36      0.08%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::224-239           16      0.03%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::240-255            8      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-271            9      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::272-287            1      0.00%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::288-303            1      0.00%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::304-319            3      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::320-335            4      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::336-351            3      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::352-367            9      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::368-383            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-399            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::416-431            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::480-495            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        46095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.217703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.182019                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.109823                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           19360     42.00%     42.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17            1852      4.02%     46.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18           20896     45.33%     91.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            3518      7.63%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             418      0.91%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21              49      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        46095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 21455581496                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            51701637746                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                8065615000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    13300.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               32050.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       83.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       41.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    83.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    41.29                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     25.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                 1018353                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 393292                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                63.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               49.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    511103.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              3822857640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy              2085884625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             6395664600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy            2598318000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         80818320960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        244858822740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        527627538000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          868207406565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           701.661142                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 872568990500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  41077920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 316515510250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              3729159000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              2034759375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             6322095000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy            2545687440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         80818320960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy        244007627490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        528374200500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          867831849765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           701.357628                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 872962180250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  41077920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 316125109750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    103284672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total         103284672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     50896320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       50896320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1613823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total            1613823                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       795255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            795255                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     83960092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             83960092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41373609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            41373609                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    125333701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           125333701                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                    1613823                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    795255                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                  1613823                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  795255                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM             103278656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   6016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               50896192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys              103284672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            50896320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    94                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           101866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1           100604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2           100891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3           101393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4           101842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5           101377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6           100961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7           101722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            99654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9           100458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10          101549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           99430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           99221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           99888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14          100611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15          102262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            50608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            49711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            49944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            50377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            50435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            50242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            50036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            50270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            48948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            49292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           49549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           48576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           48665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           49033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           49316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           50251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 1230162719000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6              1613823                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              795255                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                1612803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                 25619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                 27971                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 44230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 46704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 46695                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 46643                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 46570                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 46582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 46594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 46608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 46696                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 46663                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 46401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 46387                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 46371                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 46285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 46095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 46064                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples      1021211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   150.972945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.796025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   212.893576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       697662     68.32%     68.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255       184611     18.08%     86.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40262      3.94%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20497      2.01%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        17586      1.72%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767        11085      1.09%     95.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         9017      0.88%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         9390      0.92%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        31101      3.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total      1021211                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     35.032304                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    26.845905                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-31         23691     51.43%     51.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::32-63        18063     39.21%     90.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::64-95         2849      6.19%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::96-127          801      1.74%     98.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-159          341      0.74%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::160-191          183      0.40%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::192-223           69      0.15%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::224-255           29      0.06%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           10      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            4      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::352-383           15      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        46063                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.264464                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.228664                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.111869                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           18466     40.09%     40.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17            1788      3.88%     43.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18           21583     46.86%     90.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            3676      7.98%     98.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             497      1.08%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21              44      0.10%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               8      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        46063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 21421841750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            51679260500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                8068645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13274.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32024.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       83.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       41.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    83.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    41.37                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     25.10                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                 1011436                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 376339                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                62.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    510636.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              3913411320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy              2135293875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             6396624000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy            2603054880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         80818320960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        244646671590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        527813635500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          868327012125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           701.757804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 872910452500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  41077920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT 316177172000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              3835875960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              2092987875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             6325862400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy            2551344480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         80818320960                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy        244526167035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        527919341250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          868069899960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           701.550013                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 872270617750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  41077920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT 316816373250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      2460147862                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    3046326                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      6033278                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              5925215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                 21204                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     147519                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       429805                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     5925215                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                        21204                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           12129113                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           4741263                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               33822                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              16466                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             3159741                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1740054                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      1492885                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     876892                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    615993                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              2445644448.568172                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              14503413.431827                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.005895                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.994105                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           638951                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                57259      0.95%      0.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  4447946     73.72%     74.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    5788      0.10%     74.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    13768      0.23%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  15748      0.26%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  876892     14.53%     89.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 615993     10.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   6033410                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2462245596                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  535253120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    711826854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            511409147                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             331104632                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     496694                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     31668565                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   511409147                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    331104632                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         1075418624                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         341930145                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           564020205                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          276698505                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           221713723                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes          242254696                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    153483280                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   95155487                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  58327793                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              55746959.125147                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              2406498636.874853                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.977359                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.022641                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         34165467                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               971076      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                446054364     62.66%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   27374      0.00%     62.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                   146968      0.02%     62.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              111152296     15.61%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                95155487     13.37%     91.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               58327793      8.19%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 711835390                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      2455893395                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    1380168                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      2856596                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              2791453                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7452                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      77298                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       199764                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     2791453                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                         7452                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            5716122                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           2279483                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               12312                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes               5972                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             1528462                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             835788                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       701764                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     430659                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    271105                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              2449380406.864340                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              6512988.135659                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002652                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997348                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           304959                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                43522      1.52%      1.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  2088343     73.10%     74.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4434      0.16%     74.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                    12946      0.45%     75.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   5712      0.20%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  430659     15.08%     90.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 271105      9.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   2856721                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      2458717286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   13249646                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     23990407                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             23740719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                 18723                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     474678                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      1765458                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    23740719                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                        18723                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           47283789                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          19492550                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads               30512                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes              14789                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            13686635                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            9500864                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      5098985                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3152249                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   1946736                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              2405775884.946541                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              52941401.053459                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.021532                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.978468                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          2409095                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                72346      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 18756347     78.18%     78.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   32848      0.14%     78.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                    16270      0.07%     78.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                  13985      0.06%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3152249     13.14%     91.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                1946736      8.11%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  23990829                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 4497                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                4497                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                3808                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3808                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               367                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              367                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          660                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          662                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          670                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           80                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         6122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   17344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4039                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          743                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3795                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1340                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3076                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3061                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         7683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    19937                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                81500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy              2922984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             6148000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy             1184991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             1227278                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1149998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1186987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              499498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             2861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy             2445000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1285500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             7082500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages            2                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes         8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs            2                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples   1897560650                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000793                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1897559458    100.00%    100.00% |        1192      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total   1897560650                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples     1897560650                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.579867                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.036536                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         9.054132                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |  1897393757     99.99%     99.99% |       82940      0.00%    100.00% |       81109      0.00%    100.00% |        1944      0.00%    100.00% |         670      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total       1897560650                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1878312846                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1878312846    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1878312846                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     19247804                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    58.166713                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    34.387150                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.619801                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    19080911     99.13%     99.13% |       82940      0.43%     99.56% |       81109      0.42%     99.99% |        1944      0.01%    100.00% |         670      0.00%    100.00% |         170      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     19247804                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      1459328                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        38207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1497535                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      4067488                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        30305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4097793                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits    157040519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses      9408888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses    166449407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits    763843832                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        36265                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses    763880097                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             6                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits       682891                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses        20613                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       703504                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits      1808411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses        14997                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1823408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4971611                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses       136863                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      5108474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits     17318867                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses        45275                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses     17364142                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles             7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits      6466574                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses      3264839                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses      9731413                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.012573                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::0        68512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        14986                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43676                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        21231                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6968                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23681                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       114952                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11733                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          756                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       102307                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       548096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1078992                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3144672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1528632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        55744                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1705032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       919616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        93864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       818456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     1.988899                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9445153                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3171652                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6263811                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        14164                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3953                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8136076                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     17799384                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4548                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10208769                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     75561224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    228358944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    450994392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1019808                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        31624                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    585797472                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    142395072                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        36384                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     81670152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     0.006738                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::0        35610                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5495                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23067                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        16305                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4563                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        10916                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        56558                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9365                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2039                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        52973                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       284880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       395640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1660824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1173960                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        36504                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       785952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       452464                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        74920                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        16312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       423784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.036349                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::0       182138                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        34916                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       136020                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        23240                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5946                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       117824                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       335272                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12146                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1727                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       231950                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1457104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2513952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      9793440                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      1673280                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        47568                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      8483328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2682176                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        97168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        13816                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1855600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     2.575885                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9731413                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3227049                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      6454098                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6466574                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11316                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9877275                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     18306166                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      3177556                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        37792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4833                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13823050                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77851304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25816392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    464695056                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    465593328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        90528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    711163800                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    146449328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     25420448                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       302336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        38664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    110584400                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.269021                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1613226                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1613226                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       793587                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1587240                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1613228                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12905808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    116152272                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57138264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12697920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12905824                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.269267                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1613823                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1613823                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       795191                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1590446                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1613823                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12910584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    116195256                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57253752                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12723568                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12910584                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized     0.000005                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Response_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.percent_links_utilized     0.573193                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9731413                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3227049                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Data::2      6454098                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6466574                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        37471                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Response_Control::2        16437                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      9877275                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0     18306166                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      3177686                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          256                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        37792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         5121                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     13823050                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77851304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25816392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    464695056                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    465593328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2      2697912                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       131496                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    711163800                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0    146449328                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     25421488                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         2048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       302336                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        40968                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2    110584400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control     38875386                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     19362294                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data     19399722                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data       112413                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        49311                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data     29631825                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control     64452324                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Forwarded_Control       113382                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Invalidate_Control        15459                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control     41469150                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control    311003088                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   1394085168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseL2hit_Data   1396779984                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.ResponseLocal_Data      8093736                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       394488                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data   2133491400                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control    515618592                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Forwarded_Control       907056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Invalidate_Control       123672                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control    331753200                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014047                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        14986                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43676                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9674                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6212                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        57476                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11733                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          756                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1078992                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3144672                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       696528                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        49696                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       459808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        93864                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.011100                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        68512                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11557                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          756                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        23681                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        57476                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       102307                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       548096                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       832104                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      1705032                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       459808                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       818456                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     1.908572                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3171652                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6263811                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9653                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3354                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8899692                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4548                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    228358944                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    450994392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       695016                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        26832                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     71197536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        36384                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     2.069226                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9445153                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         4511                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8136076                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8899692                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10208769                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     75561224                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       324792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         4792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    585797472                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     71197536                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     81670152                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     0.007361                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5495                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23067                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6994                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2524                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        28279                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9365                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2039                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       395640                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1660824                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       503568                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20192                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       226232                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        74920                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        16312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     0.006116                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0        35610                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9311                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2039                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2        10916                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        28279                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2        52973                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0       284880                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       670392                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        16312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2       785952                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       226232                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2       423784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.037078                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        34916                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       136020                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11148                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4217                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       167636                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12146                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1727                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2513952                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      9793440                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       802656                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        33736                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1341088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        97168                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        13816                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.035619                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::0       182138                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        12092                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1729                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       117824                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       167636                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2       231950                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0      1457104                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       870624                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        13832                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2      8483328                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1341088                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2      1855600                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     2.737630                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9731413                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3227049                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8288497                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9153083                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1588778                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10595999                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77851304                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    232347528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    596771784                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     73224664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12710224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     84767992                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     2.414140                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::1      3227049                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3227049                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6466574                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11314                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      1588778                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9153083                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1588778                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        37792                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         4833                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      3227051                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     25816392                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    232347528                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    465593328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        90512                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    114392016                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     73224664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12710224                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0       302336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        38664                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     25816408                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.226849                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1613226                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       793587                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       793653                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1613228                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12905808                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57138264                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6349224                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12905824                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.311193                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1613226                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       793587                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    116152272                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6348696                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.227199                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1613823                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       795191                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       795255                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1613823                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12910584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57253752                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6362040                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12910584                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.311335                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      1613823                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       795191                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    116195256                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6361528                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000006                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000005                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014047                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::2        14986                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        43676                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9674                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6212                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        57476                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        11733                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          756                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      1078992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      3144672                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       696528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        49696                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       459808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        93864                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle0.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         6048                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.link_utilization     1.908572                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3171652                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      6263811                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         9653                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3354                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      8899692                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         4548                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0          599                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    228358944                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2    450994392                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       695016                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        26832                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     71197536                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        36384                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle1.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0         4792                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.link_utilization     0.007361                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::2         5495                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2        23067                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2         6994                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2524                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        28279                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0         9365                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         2039                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2       395640                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      1660824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       503568                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        20192                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       226232                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        74920                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle2.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        16312                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.link_utilization     0.037078                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::2        34916                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseL2hit_Data::2       136020                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2        11148                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2         4217                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       167636                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::0        12146                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::0         1727                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2      2513952                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseL2hit_Data::2      9793440                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2       802656                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        33736                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1341088                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::0        97168                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle3.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::0        13816                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.link_utilization     2.737630                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::0      9731413                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::2      3227049                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2      8288497                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0      9153083                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1      1588778                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Forwarded_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Invalidate_Control::1          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2     10595999                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::0     77851304                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::2    232347528                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2    596771784                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0     73224664                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1     12710224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Forwarded_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Invalidate_Control::1         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     84767992                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.link_utilization     0.226849                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1613226                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       793587                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       793653                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1613228                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12905808                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57138264                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6349224                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle5.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12905824                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.link_utilization     0.227199                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::1      1613823                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Data::2       795191                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1       795255                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_count.Unblock_Control::2      1613823                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::1     12910584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::2     57253752                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1      6362040                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle6.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::2     12910584                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.link_utilization     0.000006                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.ResponseLocal_Data::2            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::2          128                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.ResponseLocal_Data::2          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::2         1024                      
system.ruby.network.routers9.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    220866135                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.532387                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.193042                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     18.226652                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   220772909     99.96%     99.96% |       45579      0.02%     99.98% |       46546      0.02%    100.00% |         771      0.00%    100.00% |         272      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     220866135                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    209433814                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   209433814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    209433814                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     11432321                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.924312                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    30.265175                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    64.408368                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    11339095     99.18%     99.18% |       45579      0.40%     99.58% |       46546      0.41%     99.99% |         771      0.01%    100.00% |         272      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     11432321                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples    119737451                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       5.426409                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.265340                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     25.495502                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |   119665263     99.94%     99.94% |       36542      0.03%     99.97% |       33927      0.03%    100.00% |        1157      0.00%    100.00% |         392      0.00%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total     119737451                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    112207831                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   112207831    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    112207831                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      7529620                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    71.389601                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    42.200786                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.456142                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     7457432     99.04%     99.04% |       36542      0.49%     99.53% |       33927      0.45%     99.98% |        1157      0.02%     99.99% |         392      0.01%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      7529620                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555666486                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.003248                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.511186                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |  1555658474    100.00%    100.00% |        7671      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          54      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total   1555666486                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples   1555475928                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |  1555475928    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total   1555475928                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       190558                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    27.517360                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.544542                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    37.818011                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      182546     95.80%     95.80% |        7671      4.03%     99.82% |          86      0.05%     99.87% |          77      0.04%     99.91% |         122      0.06%     99.97% |          54      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       190558                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       631780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.130515                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.149487                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.497403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      631001     99.88%     99.88% |         725      0.11%     99.99% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       631780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       603009                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      603009    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       603009                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        28771                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    25.824893                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    21.311178                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.581389                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       27992     97.29%     97.29% |         725      2.52%     99.81% |          24      0.08%     99.90% |          10      0.03%     99.93% |          10      0.03%     99.97% |          10      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        28771                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       329399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean    16.910713                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.237607                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    45.776177                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      328315     99.67%     99.67% |         622      0.19%     99.86% |         440      0.13%     99.99% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       329399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       262865                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      262865    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       262865                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        66534                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    79.771350                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    53.916571                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    73.639024                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       65450     98.37%     98.37% |         622      0.93%     99.31% |         440      0.66%     99.97% |          14      0.02%     99.99% |           6      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        66534                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       329399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      329399    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       329399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       329399                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      329399    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       329399                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX    |      796118     49.95%     49.95% |      797718     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX::total      1593836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS    |      817108     50.03%     50.03% |      816105     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS::total      1633213                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX    |      793576     49.95%     49.95% |      795181     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTX::total      1588757                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS |          11     52.38%     52.38% |          10     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.PUTO_SHARERS::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock |      805949     50.02%     50.02% |      805236     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Unblock::total      1611185                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock |       11159     50.66%     50.66% |       10869     49.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Last_Unblock::total        22028                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      796182     49.95%     49.95% |      797782     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1593964                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback |      793587     49.95%     49.95% |      795191     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Dirty_Writeback::total      1588778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |     1613226     49.99%     49.99% |     1613823     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      3227049                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      793651     49.95%     49.95% |      795255     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1588906                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_ACK::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX  |      257399     49.81%     49.81% |      259315     50.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETX::total       516714                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS  |      805949     50.02%     50.02% |      805236     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.GETS::total      1611185                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack |      793576     49.95%     49.95% |      795181     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Memory_Ack::total      1588757                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX  |      538719     50.01%     50.01% |      538403     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETX::total      1077122                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS  |       11159     50.66%     50.66% |       10869     49.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.GETS::total        22028                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack |          11     52.38%     52.38% |          10     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.Memory_Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.S.DMA_WRITE::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX  |      793576     49.95%     49.95% |      795181     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTX::total      1588757                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS |          11     52.38%     52.38% |          10     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.PUTO_SHARERS::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock |      805949     50.02%     50.02% |      805236     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Unblock::total      1611185                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data |      805949     50.02%     50.02% |      805236     49.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IS.Memory_Data::total      1611185                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock |       11159     50.66%     50.66% |       10869     49.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Last_Unblock::total        22028                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data |       11159     50.66%     50.66% |       10869     49.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.SS.Memory_Data::total        22028                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock |      796118     49.95%     49.95% |      797718     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1593836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data |      796118     49.95%     49.95% |      797718     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MM.Memory_Data::total      1593836                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback |      793576     49.95%     49.95% |      795181     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Dirty_Writeback::total      1588757                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback |          11     52.38%     52.38% |          10     47.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MIS.Dirty_Writeback::total           21                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Exclusive_Unblock::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack |          64     50.00%     50.00% |          64     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.XI_U.Memory_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MD.DMA_ACK::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total              2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack       |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack       |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Inv_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks      |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.DMA_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Inv_Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks |         128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.All_Acks::total          128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      829521      0.74%      0.74% |   107878616     96.32%     97.06% |      405452      0.36%     97.42% |     2886050      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total    111999639                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4097793      0.52%      0.52% |   763880097     97.04%     97.56% |     1823408      0.23%     97.79% |    17364148      2.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    787165446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |      668020      1.08%      1.08% |    58570811     94.84%     95.92% |      298052      0.48%     96.40% |     2222452      3.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     61759335                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       61217      0.67%      0.67% |     8907173     97.13%     97.80% |       31306      0.34%     98.14% |      170502      1.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      9170198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX  |         176     54.83%     54.83% |          37     11.53%     66.36% |          54     16.82%     83.18% |          54     16.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Own_GETX::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        3444     31.30%     31.30% |        1051      9.55%     40.85% |        2899     26.35%     67.20% |        3609     32.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        11003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        9028     31.30%     31.30% |        4056     14.06%     45.36% |        6918     23.98%     69.35% |        8842     30.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        28844                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         756     14.76%     14.76% |         599     11.70%     26.46% |        2039     39.82%     66.28% |        1727     33.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         5121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        6212     38.09%     38.09% |        3354     20.57%     58.66% |        2524     15.48%     74.14% |        4217     25.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total        16307                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |       42972      1.71%      1.71% |     2375583     94.41%     96.12% |       23313      0.93%     97.04% |       74376      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total      2516244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |       25364      0.35%      0.35% |     7069533     97.99%     98.34% |       12243      0.17%     98.51% |      107708      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total      7214848                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack |       33795      3.91%      3.91% |      763615     88.32%     92.23% |       17363      2.01%     94.24% |       49812      5.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack::total       864585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data |       23681      0.29%      0.29% |     8136077     98.16%     98.45% |       10916      0.13%     98.58% |      117824      1.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      8288498                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks  |       15979      0.42%      0.42% |     3776565     98.31%     98.72% |        6433      0.17%     98.89% |       42644      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks::total      3841621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout |       25540      0.35%      0.35% |     7069570     97.98%     98.34% |       12297      0.17%     98.51% |      107762      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Use_Timeout::total      7215169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       22228      0.39%      0.39% |     5632323     97.73%     98.12% |       14180      0.25%     98.37% |       94219      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      5762950                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       30305     23.89%     23.89% |       36265     28.59%     52.48% |       14997     11.82%     64.31% |       45275     35.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total       126842                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       12999      0.40%      0.40% |     3234767     98.37%     98.77% |        5466      0.17%     98.93% |       35101      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total      3288333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3741     30.35%     30.35% |        2691     21.83%     52.19% |        3027     24.56%     76.75% |        2866     23.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        12325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      190525      0.46%      0.46% |    40297202     98.18%     98.65% |      110916      0.27%     98.92% |      445172      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total     41043815                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     4067488      0.52%      0.52% |   763843832     97.05%     97.57% |     1808411      0.23%     97.80% |    17318867      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    787038598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        2804      0.51%      0.51% |      541761     97.97%     98.48% |         913      0.17%     98.65% |        7489      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       552967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       39215      2.00%      2.00% |     1832967     93.62%     95.62% |       20186      1.03%     96.65% |       65503      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total      1957871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS |        2085     37.47%     37.47% |        1174     21.10%     58.57% |        1294     23.26%     81.83% |        1011     18.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Fwd_GETS::total         5564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         756     14.76%     14.76% |         599     11.70%     26.46% |        2039     39.82%     66.28% |        1727     33.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5121                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load    |         306      3.44%      3.44% |         500      5.62%      9.05% |        4763     53.49%     62.54% |        3335     37.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Load::total         8904                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store   |         176     54.83%     54.83% |          37     11.53%     66.36% |          54     16.82%     83.18% |          54     16.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Store::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement |         231     39.55%     39.55% |         117     20.03%     59.59% |         137     23.46%     83.05% |          99     16.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.L1_Replacement::total          584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX |        1697     28.90%     28.90% |         202      3.44%     32.35% |        1773     30.20%     62.54% |        2199     37.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETX::total         5871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS |         416      7.39%      7.39% |         187      3.32%     10.71% |        1888     33.52%     44.23% |        3141     55.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.O.Fwd_GETS::total         5632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       42099      0.77%      0.77% |     5185611     95.28%     96.06% |       22324      0.41%     96.47% |      192263      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      5442297                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |        2015      0.09%      0.09% |     2079928     97.79%     97.88% |         794      0.04%     97.92% |       44285      2.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2127022                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        3091      0.30%      0.30% |     1004495     98.11%     98.41% |        2394      0.23%     98.64% |       13885      1.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1023865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         927     54.59%     54.59% |         101      5.95%     60.54% |         410     24.15%     84.69% |         260     15.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        2121     31.70%     31.70% |         328      4.90%     36.60% |        1889     28.23%     64.83% |        2353     35.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         6691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load  |        5923      0.43%      0.43% |     1304011     94.78%     95.21% |        3792      0.28%     95.48% |       62136      4.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Load::total      1375862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store |        1409      0.66%      0.66% |      208068     97.13%     97.79% |         308      0.14%     97.93% |        4433      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Store::total       214218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1598    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.L1_Replacement::total         1598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX |          33     32.04%     32.04% |          19     18.45%     50.49% |           0      0.00%     50.49% |          51     49.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETX::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS |         241     44.88%     44.88% |          88     16.39%     61.27% |          78     14.53%     75.79% |         130     24.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Fwd_GETS::total          537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout |        8152      0.26%      0.26% |     3084937     97.65%     97.90% |        5556      0.18%     98.08% |       60685      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.Use_Timeout::total      3159330                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |      566644      0.98%      0.98% |    54837718     94.98%     95.96% |      248970      0.43%     96.39% |     2081633      3.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     57734965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |      575266      1.16%      1.16% |    46918297     94.27%     95.42% |      262619      0.53%     95.95% |     2014992      4.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total     49771174                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       14939      0.24%      0.24% |     6062113     98.24%     98.48% |        5562      0.09%     98.57% |       88149      1.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total      6170763                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         774     23.49%     23.49% |         721     21.88%     45.37% |         715     21.70%     67.07% |        1085     32.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         3295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        3537     40.58%     40.58% |        1797     20.61%     61.19% |        1342     15.40%     76.59% |        2041     23.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         8717                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_DMA::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load |        1790      0.28%      0.28% |      621231     98.48%     98.77% |         507      0.08%     98.85% |        7264      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Load::total       630792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store |       73351      1.26%      1.26% |     5587953     96.26%     97.52% |       27898      0.48%     98.00% |      116098      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Store::total      5805300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.L1_Replacement::total         3192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX |          13     37.14%     37.14% |           7     20.00%     57.14% |           1      2.86%     60.00% |          14     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETX::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS |         628     36.88%     36.88% |         482     28.30%     65.18% |         427     25.07%     90.25% |         166      9.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Fwd_GETS::total         1703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout |       17388      0.43%      0.43% |     3984633     98.24%     98.67% |        6741      0.17%     98.84% |       47077      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.Use_Timeout::total      4055839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |        2869     33.78%     33.78% |        1516     17.85%     51.62% |        1326     15.61%     67.24% |        2783     32.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total         8494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |       12999      0.40%      0.40% |     3234767     98.37%     98.77% |        5466      0.17%     98.93% |       35101      1.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total      3288333                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2562     47.41%     47.41% |        1049     19.41%     66.82% |         898     16.62%     83.44% |         895     16.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         5404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data |        2804      0.51%      0.51% |      541761     97.97%     98.48% |         913      0.17%     98.65% |        7489      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Exclusive_Data::total       552967                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX |         176     54.83%     54.83% |          37     11.53%     66.36% |          54     16.82%     83.18% |          54     16.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Own_GETX::total          321                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack    |         781     32.42%     32.42% |         789     32.75%     65.17% |         300     12.45%     77.63% |         539     22.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.Ack::total         2409                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks |       15979      0.42%      0.42% |     3776565     98.31%     98.72% |        6433      0.17%     98.89% |       42644      1.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OM.All_acks::total      3841621                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       42972      1.71%      1.71% |     2375583     94.41%     96.12% |       23313      0.93%     97.04% |       74376      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      2516244                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |        9561      0.28%      0.28% |     3293005     97.61%     97.90% |        5864      0.17%     98.07% |       65118      1.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total      3373548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           0      0.00%      3.85% |          25     96.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Load::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack |       33795      3.91%      3.91% |      763615     88.32%     92.23% |       17363      2.01%     94.24% |       49812      5.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack::total       864585                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data |        5420      0.50%      0.50% |     1069352     97.81%     98.31% |        2823      0.26%     98.56% |       15691      1.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      1093286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data |         231     39.55%     39.55% |         117     20.03%     59.59% |         137     23.46%     83.05% |          99     16.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.OI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total          584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load   |           6     21.43%     21.43% |          19     67.86%     89.29% |           0      0.00%     89.29% |           3     10.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Load::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data |       18030      0.25%      0.25% |     7066607     98.22%     98.47% |        7956      0.11%     98.58% |      102034      1.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack_Data::total      7194627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.II.Writeback_Ack_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS        5890407      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX        3841631      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTO            584      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX        7194630      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS_only      1847628      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTS         110254      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Fwd_DMA              2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Inv                128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.All_Acks       1593836      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Data           3227049      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1093286      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      7195211      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Writeback_Ack      1588778      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock        3380830      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock      7215169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.DmaAck               2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement      2672987      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS      1633213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX      1042232      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Inv             113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETS         5564      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_GETX       546908      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS_only      1086933      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILS.L1_PUTS         6353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETS        15408      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_GETX         4994      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.L1_PUTX      7194628      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILX.Fwd_DMA            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETS         2620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_GETX          218      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOX.L1_PUTO          326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETS         3012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_GETX         5974      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTO          258      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS_only         3160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSX.L1_PUTS         1336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETS       761147      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L1_GETX         1886      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.Inv               15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S.L2_Replacement      1077136      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETS          978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_GETX           98      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS_only          161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L1_PUTS          918      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSX.L2_Replacement           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETS       103019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_GETX         2810      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS_only       757372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L1_PUTS       101638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLS.L2_Replacement         7073      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS      3364831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX      2236501      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement      1588757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          326      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOXW.Unblock         3160      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_PUTS_only            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA          258      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILOSXW.Unblock         1336      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.L1_PUTS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSW.Unblock       101638      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILSW.L1_WBCLEANDATA         6353      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IW.L1_WBCLEANDATA      1086933      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.L1_GETS            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SW.Unblock       757372      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OXW.Unblock          161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.L1_PUTS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXW.Unblock          918      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.L1_WBDIRTYDATA      7194627      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXW.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLS.Unblock         5564      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Unblock         2620      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOX.Exclusive_Unblock           98      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETS          173      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_GETX            9      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.L1_PUTX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Unblock         6691      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOXX.Exclusive_Unblock        13929      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLOSX.Unblock         3012      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETS          157      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IFLXO.Exclusive_Unblock         5974      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.L1_GETS          268      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Data       1633213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGS.Unblock      1633213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGM.Data       1044118      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMLS.Data       549718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.All_Acks      1593836      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IGMO.Exclusive_Unblock      1593836      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MM.Exclusive_Unblock      2236501      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.Unblock       761147      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OO.Exclusive_Unblock      3364831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSXS.Unblock          978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.L1_PUTS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SLSS.Unblock       103019      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MI.Writeback_Ack      1588757      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.OLSI.Writeback_Ack           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ILXD.DmaAck            2      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
