
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.507595                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                507594511500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52415061516001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 135486                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   244538                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              255727593                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1820972                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1984.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268926436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485384353                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       220736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            220736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        82176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          82176                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         3449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               3449                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              1284                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       434867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               434867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       161893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              161893                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       596760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              596760                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       3449                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      1284                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     3449                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    1284                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                219328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  80768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 220736                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               82176                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0               70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 507594529500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 3449                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                1284                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   3393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                     34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    88                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         1734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   173.065744                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   112.185333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   227.174499                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1018     58.71%     58.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          402     23.18%     81.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          152      8.77%     90.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           32      1.85%     92.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           16      0.92%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           12      0.69%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      0.63%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.52%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           82      4.73%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         1734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           67                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    160.238806                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   989.588254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           63     94.03%     94.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      2.99%     97.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.49%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      1.49%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           67                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           67                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.835821                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.746379                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.871614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16              14     20.90%     20.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18               3      4.48%     25.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              29     43.28%     68.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              15     22.39%     91.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      5.97%     97.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.49%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      1.49%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           67                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    39609000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              103865250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  17135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    11557.92                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               30307.92                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     23.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    1877                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1078                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               83.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 107245833.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                12073320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 6587625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               34187400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               3991680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         33393575280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         12822688080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        295513304250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          341786407635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.506296                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489640906000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1003878000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                19225080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                10489875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               50934000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               4186080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         33393575280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         13866507990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        294597672750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          341942591055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.811778                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 488612143500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2031620250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       221760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            221760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        81216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          81216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         3465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               3465                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              1269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       436884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               436884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       160002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              160002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       596886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              596886                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       3465                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      1269                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     3465                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    1269                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                219840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  80448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 221760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               81216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               79                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 507594281000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 3465                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                1269                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   3396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                     39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         1752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.470320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.746444                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   227.656404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         1044     59.59%     59.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          410     23.40%     82.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          134      7.65%     90.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           33      1.88%     92.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           13      0.74%     93.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           15      0.86%     94.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           13      0.74%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.51%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           81      4.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         1752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           66                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    164.075758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   999.520628                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255           62     93.94%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      1.52%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      1.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           66                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           66                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     19.045455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.945684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.010984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16              12     18.18%     18.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18               2      3.03%     21.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              30     45.45%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              15     22.73%     89.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      6.06%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      1.52%     96.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      1.52%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      1.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           66                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    37739999                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              102146249                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  17175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    10986.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               29736.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     27.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    1869                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1071                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               84.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 107223126.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                12171600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 6641250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               34039200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               3952800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         33393575280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         12829762350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        295507098750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          341787241230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.507927                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489626115500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1019013500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                19270440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                10514625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               51285000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               4192560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         33393575280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         13897611180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        294570389250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          341946838335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.820085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 488561324500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2082439250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1018946861                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     433650                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       918165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               901515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      27067                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        60407                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      901515                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1823111                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            737285                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              486720                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             280681                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       218781                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     133950                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     84831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1016731838.080132                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2215022.919868                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002174                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997826                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            95664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                11024      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   683348     74.42%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1821      0.20%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2975      0.32%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  133950     14.59%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  84831      9.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    918188                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1017326254                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265743858                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479186683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269558711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9864990                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14998261                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269558711                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512525568                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176060497                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106900178                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82967588                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84026169                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62869095                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21157074                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3970322.979416                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1013355931.020584                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996097                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003903                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27046684                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10800      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244777618     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2529      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1744      0.00%     51.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62869095     13.12%     95.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21157074      4.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479186782                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1012285234                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     398360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       845467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               828969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      23345                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        60851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      828969                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1673039                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            682281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              472926                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             253755                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       199386                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     123424                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     75962                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1010175891.751943                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              2109342.248058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002084                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997916                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            91659                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                12920      1.53%      1.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   627009     74.16%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1706      0.20%     75.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     4433      0.52%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  123424     14.60%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  75962      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    845471                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1013146597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1034096                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      2010657                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1979517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      42712                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       162340                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1979517                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            4026076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1613893                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1151970                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             668793                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       460516                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     284185                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    176331                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1008297675.057541                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4848921.942459                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004786                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995214                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           221220                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                21108      1.05%      1.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1518972     75.54%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2493      0.12%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     6313      0.31%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  284185     14.13%     91.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 176331      8.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   2010746                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 611                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                611                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          586                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          681                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                83000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                32496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              344999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              332995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              354498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              344498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                9998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              241500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              263500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              378500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              219500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               23990664                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.018445                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.384688                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    23935685     99.77%     99.77% |         482      0.00%     99.77% |       54301      0.23%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 23990664                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    462197143                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000663                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   462196940    100.00%    100.00% |         203      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    462197143                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      462197143                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.207415                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.080294                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.221206                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   462194004    100.00%    100.00% |        2993      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        462197143                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    440460668                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   440460668    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    440460668                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21736475                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.410403                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.166821                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.629681                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    21733336     99.99%     99.99% |        2993      0.01%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     21736475                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       193875                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses        25359                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses       219234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits       535780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses        34271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses       570051                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     74466278                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses      9562969                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     84029247                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    362876841                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     11950805                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    374827646                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       176757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses        22906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       199663                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits       493673                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses        29607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses       523280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits       405548                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses        57096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses       462644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      1311916                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses        53462                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      1365378                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits         47371                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        12259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses        59630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      21098185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       415589                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     21513774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         40822                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        11691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses        52513                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         78728                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses        31830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       110558                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       460006                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        11363                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       471369                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.004352                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        12259                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14058                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8449                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6353                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2079                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2050                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0        98072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1012176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        67592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        50824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       149688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        16400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.137872                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       415589                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1782                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       416605                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       374173                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       373365                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        39085                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       332484                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      3324712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29995560                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2993384                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2986920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2814120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2659872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003978                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        11691                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13276                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5935                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5414                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1590                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1818                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0        93528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       955872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        47480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        43312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       114480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        14544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.011351                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        31830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        33625                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21807                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21170                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7693                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11314                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       254640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2421000                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       174456                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       169360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       553896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        90512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.157093                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       478259                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7222                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       475949                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       401825                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       406302                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50447                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       347666                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      3826072                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        57776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     34268328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3214600                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3250416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3632184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2781328                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000970                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0         3435                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3679                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1          702                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0        27480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       264888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.000971                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0         3455                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1          743                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0        27640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       264960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5944                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000111                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.024366                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       478259                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9701                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       480450                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       406817                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       406302                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50447                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       349806                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      3826072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        77608                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     34592400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3254536                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3250416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3632184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2798448                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         1434777                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        26624                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1441350                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      2439357                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       151446                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1055754                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         11478216                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       212992                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    103777200                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     19514856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     10904112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      8446032                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005525                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2247                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11362                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7667                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       818064                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        61336                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003179                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        12259                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          782                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6353                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2079                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           13                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2050                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        98072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       194112                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        50824                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       149688                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          936                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        16400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.202482                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1782                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415129                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       373213                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29889288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2985704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.073262                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       415589                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1476                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          960                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       373365                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        39085                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       332484                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3324712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       106272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         7680                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2986920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2814120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2659872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005367                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11335                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4209                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22016                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       816120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33672                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002588                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        11691                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1941                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1726                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5414                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1590                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1818                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        93528                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       139752                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        43312                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       114480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        14544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015086                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31477                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20082                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2266344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       160656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007616                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        31830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2148                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1725                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21170                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7693                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11314                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       254640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       154656                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13800                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       169360                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       553896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        90512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.087517                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       471369                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10678                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1146                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       406302                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50447                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       347666                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3770952                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       768816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3250416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3632184                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2781328                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.226669                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         6890                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7222                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       465271                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       400679                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        55120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        57776                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     33499512                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3205432                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000335                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         3435                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          236                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        27480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        16416                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001605                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3451                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          466                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       248472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3728                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000330                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         3455                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          213                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        27640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        15336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001612                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3467                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          479                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       249624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8448                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000116                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000105                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.005525                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2247                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11362                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7667                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17976                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       818064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        61336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.202482                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1782                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415129                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       373213                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14256                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29889288                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2985704                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005367                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2752                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11335                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4209                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       816120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.015086                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        31477                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20082                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2266344                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       160656                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.087517                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       471369                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10678                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1146                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       406302                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50447                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           35                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       347666                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      3770952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       768816                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9168                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3250416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3632184                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2520                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2781328                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000335                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0         3435                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1          228                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1          236                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1072                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0        27480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        16416                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1888                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.000330                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0         3455                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1          213                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1          264                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1068                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0        27640                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        15336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         8544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000116                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1275784                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.319836                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.574705                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1225024     96.02%     96.02% |         185      0.01%     96.04% |       50381      3.95%     99.98% |          72      0.01%     99.99% |         101      0.01%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1275784                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      22622808                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001524                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.108089                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    22617871     99.98%     99.98% |         718      0.00%     99.98% |         123      0.00%     99.98% |         174      0.00%     99.98% |        3867      0.02%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        22622808                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         92072                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000022                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.006591                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       92071    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           92072                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63370213                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.680538                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.275936                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.309813                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63368298    100.00%    100.00% |        1837      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63370213                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     54078892                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54078892    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     54078892                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9291321                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.641518                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.269758                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.243029                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     9289406     99.98%     99.98% |        1837      0.02%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9291321                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21481482                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.111484                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.030600                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.743117                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21480991    100.00%    100.00% |         450      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21481482                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21120111                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21120111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21120111                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       361371                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.627106                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.999885                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.723473                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      360880     99.86%     99.86% |         450      0.12%     99.99% |           7      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          19      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       361371                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377286355                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.133015                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.053253                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.837504                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377285689    100.00%    100.00% |         641      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377286355                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    365218210                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   365218210    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    365218210                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12068145                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.158437                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.063416                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.277893                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    12067479     99.99%     99.99% |         641      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     12068145                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        34851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.125649                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.034372                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     7.979915                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       34420     98.76%     98.76% |         387      1.11%     99.87% |           1      0.00%     99.88% |           8      0.02%     99.90% |          27      0.08%     99.98% |           8      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        34851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22234                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22234    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        22234                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12617                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.633748                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.111391                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.328966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12186     96.58%     96.58% |         387      3.07%     99.65% |           1      0.01%     99.66% |           8      0.06%     99.72% |          27      0.21%     99.94% |           8      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12617                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.322168                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.871397                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.173753                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       12074     99.61%     99.61% |          15      0.12%     99.74% |          30      0.25%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        12121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9100    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         9100                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.341609                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.359382                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.694168                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2974     98.44%     98.44% |          15      0.50%     98.94% |          30      0.99%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12121    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        12121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12121                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12121    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        12121                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        3435     49.85%     49.85% |        3455     50.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total         6890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         228     51.70%     51.70% |         213     48.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          441                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        3449     49.88%     49.88% |        3465     50.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         6914                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        1284     50.29%     50.29% |        1269     49.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         2553                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         236     47.20%     47.20% |         264     52.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          500                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        3435     49.85%     49.85% |        3455     50.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total         6890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1056     50.00%     50.00% |        1056     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |         226     51.72%     51.72% |         211     48.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total          437                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         236     47.20%     47.20% |         264     52.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          500                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        3435     49.85%     49.85% |        3455     50.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total         6890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |         226     51.72%     51.72% |         211     48.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total          437                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      123506      0.19%      0.19% |    62860154     99.20%     99.39% |      115059      0.18%     99.57% |      271494      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total     63370213                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      570051      0.15%      0.15% |   374827646     99.35%     99.50% |      523280      0.14%     99.64% |     1365378      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377286355                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |       95728      0.44%      0.44% |    21169093     98.28%     98.72% |       84604      0.39%     99.11% |      191150      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     21540575                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |        7142      8.67%      8.67% |       54913     66.67%     75.34% |        7718      9.37%     84.71% |       12598     15.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total        82371                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |       57962      0.27%      0.27% |    21483261     99.00%     99.27% |       50952      0.23%     99.50% |      108254      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     21700429                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |       35449      1.26%      1.26% |     2693855     95.61%     96.86% |       35306      1.25%     98.12% |       53048      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      2817658                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       24181      0.13%      0.13% |    18819919     99.48%     99.61% |       17207      0.09%     99.70% |       57510      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     18918817                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       18324      0.20%      0.20% |     9215288     99.18%     99.38% |       16973      0.18%     99.56% |       40736      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9291321                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       34271      0.28%      0.28% |    11950805     99.03%     99.31% |       29607      0.25%     99.56% |       53462      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     12068145                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        6392      1.70%      1.70% |      347256     92.50%     94.21% |        5655      1.51%     95.71% |       16092      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       375395                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        6122     12.77%     12.77% |       24840     51.81%     64.57% |        6432     13.41%     77.99% |       10555     22.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        47949                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       14565      0.16%      0.16% |     9100092     99.38%     99.54% |       17311      0.19%     99.73% |       24575      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9156543                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      460615      0.43%      0.43% |   106134687     98.32%     98.75% |      449220      0.42%     99.16% |      905387      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    107949909                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         643     39.84%     39.84% |         425     26.33%     66.17% |         278     17.22%     83.40% |         268     16.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1614                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         246      1.25%      1.25% |       17753     90.49%     91.75% |         594      3.03%     94.78% |        1025      5.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        19618                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |       34559      1.24%      1.24% |     2675698     95.68%     96.92% |       34432      1.23%     98.15% |       51717      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      2796406                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       22443      0.11%      0.11% |    21119555     99.41%     99.51% |       18455      0.09%     99.60% |       85493      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     21245946                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |       75165      0.03%      0.03% |   256742154     99.80%     99.82% |       44453      0.02%     99.84% |      406529      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    257268301                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        3721      1.22%      1.22% |      290470     95.46%     96.68% |        3239      1.06%     97.74% |        6866      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       304296                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         230      1.75%      1.75% |       11995     91.50%     93.26% |         337      2.57%     95.83% |         547      4.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        13109                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       13196      0.07%      0.07% |    18169731     99.70%     99.77% |        7700      0.04%     99.81% |       33787      0.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     18224414                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       68174      0.29%      0.29% |    23425219     98.94%     99.23% |       62320      0.26%     99.49% |      120690      0.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     23676403                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       84972      0.41%      0.41% |    20530942     98.43%     98.83% |       75432      0.36%     99.19% |      167924      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     20859270                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         544     32.09%     32.09% |         325     19.17%     51.27% |         355     20.94%     72.21% |         471     27.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1695                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       10207      1.50%      1.50% |      637832     93.85%     95.35% |        8820      1.30%     96.65% |       22750      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total       679609                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |       28937      1.62%      1.62% |     1687281     94.42%     96.04% |       27698      1.55%     97.59% |       43066      2.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1786982                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |        5334      0.05%      0.05% |    10263524     99.83%     99.88% |        1909      0.02%     99.90% |       10396      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     10281163                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        6512      0.63%      0.63% |     1006574     97.66%     98.29% |        7608      0.74%     99.03% |        9982      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1030676                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11812      0.14%      0.14% |     8208714     99.37%     99.51% |        9365      0.11%     99.63% |       30754      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      8260645                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |        6392      1.70%      1.70% |      347256     92.50%     94.21% |        5655      1.51%     95.71% |       16092      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total       375395                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |         643     39.84%     39.84% |         425     26.33%     66.17% |         278     17.22%     83.40% |         268     16.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         1614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       52595      0.25%      0.25% |    21166093     99.09%     99.34% |       46580      0.22%     99.56% |       94198      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     21359466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |        7035      1.87%      1.87% |      347681     92.22%     94.09% |        5933      1.57%     95.66% |       16360      4.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       377009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |       23403      0.12%      0.12% |    18807563     99.49%     99.61% |       16520      0.09%     99.70% |       56537      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     18904023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |         544     32.09%     32.09% |         325     19.17%     51.27% |         355     20.94%     72.21% |         471     27.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total         1695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         795     15.21%     15.21% |         966     18.48%     33.68% |        1740     33.28%     66.97% |        1727     33.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         5228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       12962      8.21%      8.21% |      108590     68.78%     76.99% |       12850      8.14%     85.12% |       23488     14.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       157890                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1322     19.29%     19.29% |        1236     18.04%     37.33% |        2586     37.74%     75.07% |        1708     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         6852                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       10699      2.30%      2.30% |      414147     89.08%     91.38% |        9861      2.12%     93.50% |       30205      6.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       464912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         208     30.36%     30.36% |         156     22.77%     53.14% |          83     12.12%     65.26% |         238     34.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1244     32.84%     32.84% |         660     17.42%     50.26% |         929     24.52%     74.79% |         955     25.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         3788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         202     35.44%     35.44% |         168     29.47%     64.91% |          14      2.46%     67.37% |         186     32.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        3006      0.84%      0.84% |      336638     94.44%     95.28% |        3057      0.86%     96.14% |       13759      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       356460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         790     20.86%     20.86% |         709     18.72%     39.57% |         990     26.14%     65.71% |        1299     34.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         3788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |        7364      6.79%      6.79% |       77614     71.54%     78.33% |        7274      6.71%     85.04% |       16233     14.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       108485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        6598      8.18%      8.18% |       54588     67.66%     75.84% |        7363      9.13%     84.97% |       12127     15.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total        80676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2439     55.16%     55.16% |        1016     22.98%     78.13% |         431      9.75%     87.88% |         536     12.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1099     41.69%     41.69% |         628     23.82%     65.52% |         370     14.04%     79.55% |         539     20.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         2636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        4129      1.04%      1.04% |      371569     93.33%     94.37% |        3408      0.86%     95.23% |       19007      4.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       398113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        9702      2.28%      2.28% |      379571     89.24%     91.53% |       10324      2.43%     93.95% |       25718      6.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       425315                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1660      3.77%      3.77% |       35558     80.84%     84.61% |        1011      2.30%     86.91% |        5759     13.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        43988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |         339     20.99%     20.99% |         267     16.53%     37.52% |         420     26.01%     63.53% |         589     36.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total         1615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       28189      1.03%      1.03% |     2650867     96.47%     97.50% |       27859      1.01%     98.51% |       40928      1.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      2747843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         721     38.56%     38.56% |         459     24.55%     63.10% |         340     18.18%     81.28% |         350     18.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1870                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6193      9.51%      9.51% |       42061     64.58%     74.09% |        5969      9.16%     83.25% |       10908     16.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        65131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |         175      7.18%      7.18% |         532     21.84%     29.02% |        1057     43.39%     72.41% |         672     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         2436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         564     58.75%     58.75% |          55      5.73%     64.48% |         180     18.75%     83.23% |         161     16.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          960                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         176     89.80%     89.80% |           1      0.51%     90.31% |          16      8.16%     98.47% |           3      1.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |         443     12.38%     12.38% |         692     19.35%     31.73% |        1306     36.51%     68.24% |        1136     31.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total         3577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |        6570      9.84%      9.84% |       42578     63.74%     73.58% |        6453      9.66%     83.24% |       11198     16.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total        66799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |        2971      0.84%      0.84% |      334039     94.51%     95.35% |        2860      0.81%     96.16% |       13584      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total       353454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |          25      0.87%      0.87% |        2540     87.92%     88.79% |         149      5.16%     93.94% |         175      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          13      9.77%      9.77% |          41     30.83%     40.60% |          52     39.10%     79.70% |          27     20.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |          18      0.63%      0.63% |        2519     88.42%     89.05% |         145      5.09%     94.14% |         167      5.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total         2849                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           7      7.22%      7.22% |          26     26.80%     34.02% |          46     47.42%     81.44% |          18     18.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total           97                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       20432      0.11%      0.11% |    18473524     99.58%     99.69% |       13660      0.07%     99.77% |       42953      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     18550569                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         263      2.41%      2.41% |        9694     88.73%     91.14% |         307      2.81%     93.95% |         661      6.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        10925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         473     55.19%     55.19% |          45      5.25%     60.44% |         184     21.47%     81.91% |         155     18.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       14140      0.08%      0.08% |    18135600     99.73%     99.80% |        8217      0.05%     99.85% |       27391      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     18185348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |        4478      1.35%      1.35% |      311663     94.17%     95.52% |        4566      1.38%     96.90% |       10248      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total       330955                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |          13     37.14%     37.14% |           6     17.14%     54.29% |          14     40.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        4111      1.04%      1.04% |      369050     93.37%     94.41% |        3263      0.83%     95.23% |       18840      4.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       395264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         208     30.45%     30.45% |         155     22.69%     53.15% |          83     12.15%     65.30% |         237     34.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        1237     33.51%     33.51% |         634     17.18%     50.69% |         883     23.92%     74.61% |         937     25.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         3691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        3006      0.84%      0.84% |      336638     94.44%     95.28% |        3057      0.86%     96.14% |       13759      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       356460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         790     20.86%     20.86% |         709     18.72%     39.57% |         990     26.14%     65.71% |        1299     34.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         3788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        5906      9.08%      9.08% |       42224     64.89%     73.97% |        6277      9.65%     83.62% |       10660     16.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        65067                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         202     35.44%     35.44% |         168     29.47%     64.91% |          14      2.46%     67.37% |         186     32.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        1458      3.36%      3.36% |       35390     81.51%     84.87% |         997      2.30%     87.16% |        5573     12.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        43418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2439     55.16%     55.16% |        1016     22.98%     78.13% |         431      9.75%     87.88% |         536     12.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1099     41.69%     41.69% |         628     23.82%     65.52% |         370     14.04%     79.55% |         539     20.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         2636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        4129      1.04%      1.04% |      371569     93.33%     94.37% |        3408      0.86%     95.23% |       19007      4.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       398113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6193      9.51%      9.51% |       42061     64.58%     74.09% |        5969      9.16%     83.25% |       10908     16.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        65131                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         175      7.18%      7.18% |         532     21.84%     29.02% |        1057     43.39%     72.41% |         672     27.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         2436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |        6368      9.42%      9.42% |       42593     63.04%     72.46% |        7026     10.40%     82.86% |       11580     17.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total        67567                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |          13     17.81%     17.81% |          34     46.58%     64.38% |          10     13.70%     78.08% |          16     21.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |          25      0.87%      0.87% |        2540     87.92%     88.79% |         149      5.16%     93.94% |         175      6.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          13      9.77%      9.77% |          41     30.83%     40.60% |          52     39.10%     79.70% |          27     20.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |          25      0.85%      0.85% |        2547     86.37%     87.22% |         191      6.48%     93.69% |         186      6.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total         2949                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |         531     32.74%     32.74% |         291     17.94%     50.68% |         345     21.27%     71.95% |         455     28.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         263      2.41%      2.41% |        9694     88.73%     91.14% |         307      2.81%     93.95% |         661      6.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        10925                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         473     55.19%     55.19% |          45      5.25%     60.44% |         184     21.47%     81.91% |         155     18.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |         205      2.02%      2.02% |        9448     92.99%     95.01% |         146      1.44%     96.45% |         361      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        10160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         425320      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          43988      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         2066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         398113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement          432      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean          505      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data          6890      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack            941      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           1906      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         1917      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all             78      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           3788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       402514      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         4782      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         2108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        65067      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          570      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         2066      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       351678      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        40625      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement          411      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean          417      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         3788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          685      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX       398113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement           11      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack          941      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            113      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           67      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           10      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         4782      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         2108      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         2636      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       399878      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         1888      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         1899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         3787      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.545806                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                545806146500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52453273151001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 134273                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   242901                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              254025018                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2091308                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2148.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288503259                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521905362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1372096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1372096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       507968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         507968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        21439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              21439                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         7937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2513889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              2513889                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       930675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              930675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3444564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             3444564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      21439                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7937                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    21439                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7937                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1367360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 507456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1372096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              507968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    74                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            1473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            1140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 545801001000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                21439                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7937                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  20773                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   469                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   494                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   484                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        12196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   153.734339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   105.929955                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   189.580364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7318     60.00%     60.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2950     24.19%     84.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          831      6.81%     91.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          359      2.94%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          192      1.57%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          128      1.05%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           82      0.67%     97.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      0.61%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          262      2.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        12196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     60.104167                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   370.889612                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          475     98.96%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            3      0.62%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          480                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.518750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.475356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.277582                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             400     83.33%     83.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.21%     83.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              25      5.21%     88.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              32      6.67%     95.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20              15      3.12%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               5      1.04%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.21%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   275010230                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              675603980                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 106825000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12872.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31622.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        2.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     2.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.93                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     23.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   13213                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   3886                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               48.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  18579827.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                45027360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                24568500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               93171000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              20865600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         35889587760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         17515598400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        314325665250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          367914483870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.563953                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 520906448000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  18225740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6674292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                65363760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                35664750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              131882400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              30514320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         35889587760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         19612607310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        312486183750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          368251804050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           670.177838                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 518337193500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  18225740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9245405250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1368896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1368896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       504192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         504192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        21389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              21389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         7878                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7878                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2508026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              2508026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       923757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              923757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3431783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             3431783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      21389                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      7878                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    21389                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    7878                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1364608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4288                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 504128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1368896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              504192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    67                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            1552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            1132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 545804600000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                21389                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                7878                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  20682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   495                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   482                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   483                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   481                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   479                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        12022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   155.458992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.531761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   191.673162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         7216     60.02%     60.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2858     23.77%     83.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          838      6.97%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          359      2.99%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          198      1.65%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          124      1.03%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           96      0.80%     97.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           77      0.64%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          256      2.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        12022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     60.427673                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   373.162131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-255          471     98.74%     98.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            4      0.84%     99.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.21%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::7936-8191            1      0.21%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          477                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.513627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.465134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.368279                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             405     84.91%     84.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              17      3.56%     88.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              32      6.71%     95.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20              15      3.14%     98.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               4      0.84%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.21%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.21%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.21%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::27               1      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   272626483                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              672413983                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 106610000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    12786.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31536.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        2.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     2.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     26.77                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   13175                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   4003                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               50.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  18649147.50                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                44581320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                24325125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               92523600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              20541600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         35889587760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         17512368210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        314328498750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          367912426365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.560208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 520906167750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  18225740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6674739750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                64501920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                35194500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              132327000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              30501360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         35889587760                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         19650287160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        312453131250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          368255530950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           670.184621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 518276315251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  18225740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9306283499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1095342351                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    2271145                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      4333666                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              4281735                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  7014                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      90170                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       329715                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     4281735                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         7014                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            8547600                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           3429241                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               11247                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               5563                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             2303018                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes            1488527                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       994733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     578540                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    416193                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1083630952.229492                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              11711398.770508                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.010692                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.989308                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           469299                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                25109      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  3299491     76.13%     76.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    4013      0.09%     76.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     5415      0.12%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   5137      0.12%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  578540     13.35%     90.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 416193      9.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   4333930                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1092331936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  267518657                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    482506985                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            272830042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270626278                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9933873                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15244866                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   272830042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270626278                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          519246989                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         178628058                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446737013                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249475680                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           108595474                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83892916                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84868770                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63351949                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21516821                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              71737623.719131                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1020594312.280869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.934326                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.065674                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27399800                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                28452      0.01%      0.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                247217460     51.24%     51.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    4168      0.00%     51.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     2602      0.00%     51.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150385762     31.17%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63351949     13.13%     95.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21516821      4.46%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 482507214                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1093331730                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    2244825                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      4300455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              4241025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 12741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      90086                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       341405                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     4241025                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        12741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            8500563                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           3409284                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               20799                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              10096                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             2356472                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            1453338                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       979611                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     583202                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    396409                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1082059119.037094                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              11272610.962906                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.010310                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.989690                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           476472                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                30110      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  3269513     76.02%     76.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    3978      0.09%     76.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     7916      0.18%     77.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                   9593      0.22%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     16      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  583202     13.56%     90.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 396409      9.22%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   4300737                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1091267341                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   15152160                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     28340875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             27949491                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                313739                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     619042                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2295776                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    27949491                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       313739                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           54268140                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          22730200                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              473468                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             242734                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            14865736                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes            9606332                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6092158                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3610473                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2481685                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1031358265.394309                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              59909075.605691                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.054899                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.945101                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3164521                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               148843      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 21657555     76.42%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92291      0.33%     77.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   148783      0.52%     77.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 201453      0.71%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3610473     12.74%     91.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2481685      8.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  28341115                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1128                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1128                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1153                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1153                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                68                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               68                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           92                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          174                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           24                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          378                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           68                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          338                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1628                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           32                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           52                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           87                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          939                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           96                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          405                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1261                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          732                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               164500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               188980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1778000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              438494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              460486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              455491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              462990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               47496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              514000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              861000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy             1051500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1372000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               50406664                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.030138                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.493872                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    50218887     99.63%     99.63% |        4232      0.01%     99.64% |      181910      0.36%    100.00% |         515      0.00%    100.00% |        1019      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 50406664                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    958433982                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001215                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   958432567    100.00%    100.00% |        1415      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    958433982                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      958433982                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.214617                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.080174                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.597107                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   958413976    100.00%    100.00% |       18213      0.00%    100.00% |         428      0.00%    100.00% |         696      0.00%    100.00% |         470      0.00%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        958433982                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    913658174                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   913658174    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    913658174                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     44775808                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.593907                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.211227                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.872068                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    44755802     99.96%     99.96% |       18213      0.04%    100.00% |         428      0.00%    100.00% |         696      0.00%    100.00% |         470      0.00%    100.00% |         184      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     44775808                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       890774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses       111284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses      1002058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      2910941                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses        95124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      3006065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     75239653                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses      9637090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     84876743                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    365226002                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     12017470                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    377243472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       871363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       116274                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       987637                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      2861341                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       103224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      2964565                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      5796753                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       302884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      6099637                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     19400679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       655983                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     20056662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        139196                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        67212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       206408                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      21199993                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       454567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     21654560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        148979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        70519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       219498                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        846448                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       112419                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       958867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       651668                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        53049                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       704717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            20                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.022933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        67212                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        70133                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        49176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        46154                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        20058                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21267                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       537696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        40672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5049576                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       393408                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       369232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1444176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       170136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.141783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       454567                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5871                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       458141                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       401987                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       400182                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       344812                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      3636536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        46968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32986152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3215896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3201456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3671424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2758496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.023612                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        70519                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6106                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        73895                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        48782                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        47821                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       564152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        48848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5320440                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       390256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       382568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1340136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       194472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.037726                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       112419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       116526                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        84838                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        83566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28949                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        49860                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       899352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        50688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8389872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       678704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       668528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2084328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       398880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.234781                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       747521                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       754605                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       605486                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       577723                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       118612                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       440248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      5980168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       142400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     54331560                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4843888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4621784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8540064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        30960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3521984                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.006804                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        21425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28260                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19085                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0       171400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2034720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.006780                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        21379                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        28149                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        19068                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       171032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2026728                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       152544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000109                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.036512                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Control::0       747521                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Request_Control::2        23397                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1       764880                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::1       614211                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Control::2       577723                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       118612                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          430                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       442518                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Control::0      5980168                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       187176                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     55071360                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4913688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4621784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8540064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        30960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3540144                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         2242563                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        64594                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      2294619                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      3575802                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       357126                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1334274                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         17940504                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       516752                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    165212568                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     28606416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     25713072                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     10674192                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.029439                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        65666                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46636                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        40672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4727952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       373088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016427                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        67212                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4467                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2540                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        46154                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        20058                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           82                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        21267                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       537696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       321624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        20320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       369232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1444176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         5904                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       170136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.205497                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5871                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       453525                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       398864                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        46968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32653800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3190912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.078068                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       454567                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3123                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       400182                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50992                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          139                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       344812                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3636536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       332352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3201456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3671424                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        10008                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2758496                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.031042                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6106                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69619                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        45049                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        48848                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5012568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       360392                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.016182                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        70519                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4276                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3733                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        47821                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        18613                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          100                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        24309                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       564152                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       307872                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29864                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       382568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1340136                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7200                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       194472                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.049967                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6336                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       111452                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81491                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        50688                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8024544                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       651928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.025484                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       112419                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5074                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3347                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        83566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        28949                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          109                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        49860                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       899352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       365328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26776                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       668528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2084328                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       398880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.150377                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       704717                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        51013                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29885                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       577723                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       118612                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       440248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5637736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3672936                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4621784                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8540064                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        30960                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3521984                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.319185                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        42804                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17800                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       703592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       575601                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       342432                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       142400                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     50658624                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4604808                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004125                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        21425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6817                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6132                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       171400                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       490824                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        49056                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009484                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21443                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12953                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1543896                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       103624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.004099                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        21379                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6758                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6154                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       171032                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       486576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        49232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009461                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21391                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12914                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1540152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       103312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         8960                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000115                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000104                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.link_utilization     0.029439                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5084                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        65666                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        46636                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        40672                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4727952                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       373088                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.link_utilization     0.205497                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5871                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       453525                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       398864                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        46968                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32653800                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3190912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.link_utilization     0.031042                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6106                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        69619                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        45049                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        48848                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      5012568                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       360392                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.link_utilization     0.049967                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2         6336                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       111452                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        81491                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        50688                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8024544                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       651928                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.link_utilization     0.150377                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       704717                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        51013                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29885                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       577723                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       118612                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          430                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       440248                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      5637736                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3672936                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       239080                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4621784                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8540064                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        30960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3521984                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.link_utilization     0.004125                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0        21425                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6817                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6132                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1138                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0       171400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       490824                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        49056                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.link_utilization     0.004099                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0        21379                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6758                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6154                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1132                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0       171032                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       486576                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        49232                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         9056                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000115                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3117084                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.445453                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.856583                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2945668     94.50%     94.50% |        1499      0.05%     94.55% |      168327      5.40%     99.95% |         492      0.02%     99.96% |         997      0.03%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3117084                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      47015771                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002778                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.144173                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    46996126     99.96%     99.96% |        3284      0.01%     99.97% |        1067      0.00%     99.97% |        1666      0.00%     99.97% |       13354      0.03%    100.00% |         229      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        47015771                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        273809                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000044                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.009362                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      273803    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          273809                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131374034                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.695387                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.272174                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.962340                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131363096     99.99%     99.99% |       10086      0.01%    100.00% |         214      0.00%    100.00% |         335      0.00%    100.00% |         209      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131374034                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    112435473                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   112435473    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    112435473                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18938561                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.823797                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.311595                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.399959                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    18927623     99.94%     99.94% |       10086      0.05%    100.00% |         214      0.00%    100.00% |         335      0.00%    100.00% |         209      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     18938561                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46241060                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.167280                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.034956                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.285206                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46236651     99.99%     99.99% |        3772      0.01%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |         247      0.00%    100.00% |         174      0.00%    100.00% |          75      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46241060                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45391588                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45391588    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     45391588                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       849472                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.105901                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.490343                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.496693                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      845063     99.48%     99.48% |        3772      0.44%     99.93% |         136      0.02%     99.94% |         247      0.03%     99.97% |         174      0.02%     99.99% |          75      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       849472                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780557119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.135869                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.053393                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.970096                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780552862    100.00%    100.00% |        3970      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780557119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    755617173                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   755617173    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    755617173                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24939946                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.252364                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.093508                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.456701                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    24935689     99.98%     99.98% |        3970      0.02%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          81      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     24939946                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       136109                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.277983                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.637047                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.090580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      135892     99.84%     99.84% |          49      0.04%     99.88% |         165      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       136109                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       102138                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      102138    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       102138                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33971                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.127020                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.205475                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.133510                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       33754     99.36%     99.36% |          49      0.14%     99.51% |         165      0.49%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.837673                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.716935                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.160952                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       62480     99.44%     99.44% |         116      0.18%     99.63% |         220      0.35%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        62830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        48972                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       48972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        48972                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13858                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.399408                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.596767                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    25.947082                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13508     97.47%     97.47% |         116      0.84%     98.31% |         220      1.59%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           3      0.02%     99.92% |           2      0.01%     99.94% |           3      0.02%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           3      0.02%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13858                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62830    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        62830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        62830                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62830    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        62830                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       21425     50.05%     50.05% |       21379     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        42804                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        6817     50.22%     50.22% |        6758     49.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        13575                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       21439     50.06%     50.06% |       21389     49.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        42828                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        7937     50.19%     50.19% |        7878     49.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        15815                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        6132     49.91%     49.91% |        6154     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        12286                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       21425     50.05%     50.05% |       21379     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        42804                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        1120     50.00%     50.00% |        1120     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        6813     50.21%     50.21% |        6756     49.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        13569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        6132     49.91%     49.91% |        6154     50.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        12286                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       21425     50.05%     50.05% |       21379     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        42804                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        6813     50.21%     50.21% |        6756     49.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        13569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      554100      0.81%      0.81% |    63328978     93.13%     93.94% |      563854      0.83%     94.77% |     3556889      5.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total     68003821                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3006065      0.75%      0.75% |   377243472     93.55%     94.29% |     2964565      0.74%     95.03% |    20056662      4.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403270764                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      447958      1.79%      1.79% |    21547765     86.32%     88.12% |      423783      1.70%     89.81% |     2542748     10.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     24962254                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       24483     15.46%     15.46% |       69051     43.61%     59.07% |       26721     16.88%     75.95% |       38085     24.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       158340                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      201381      0.88%      0.88% |    21620973     94.07%     94.94% |      214235      0.93%     95.88% |      947720      4.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     22984309                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |       92500      3.03%      3.03% |     2744792     89.86%     92.88% |      100209      3.28%     96.17% |      117131      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      3054632                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      113908      0.57%      0.57% |    18909768     94.62%     95.19% |      119289      0.60%     95.79% |      841736      4.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     19984701                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       80921      0.84%      0.84% |     9271404     96.10%     96.94% |       85647      0.89%     97.83% |      209268      2.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9647240                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       95124      0.74%      0.74% |    12017470     93.36%     94.10% |      103224      0.80%     94.90% |      655983      5.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     12871801                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       29226      5.65%      5.65% |      364926     70.60%     76.25% |       29869      5.78%     82.03% |       92902     17.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       516923                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       20601     19.31%     19.31% |       36226     33.95%     53.26% |       22225     20.83%     74.09% |       27648     25.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       106700                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       41165      0.44%      0.44% |     9131346     98.61%     99.05% |       45618      0.49%     99.54% |       42343      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9260472                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2094450      1.85%      1.85% |   107038638     94.55%     96.40% |     1969026      1.74%     98.14% |     2105364      1.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    113207478                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1137     33.75%     33.75% |         760     22.56%     56.31% |         758     22.50%     78.81% |         714     21.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3369                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1782      6.99%      6.99% |       19039     74.69%     81.68% |        2123      8.33%     90.01% |        2546      9.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        25490                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |       89582      2.96%      2.96% |     2724984     90.06%     93.02% |       97345      3.22%     96.24% |      113836      3.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      3025747                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      173900      0.79%      0.79% |    21235353     96.71%     97.50% |      181365      0.83%     98.33% |      367124      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     21957742                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      816491      0.29%      0.29% |   258187364     93.14%     93.44% |      892315      0.32%     93.76% |    17295315      6.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    277191485                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       18564      4.99%      4.99% |      298659     80.32%     85.31% |       17450      4.69%     90.00% |       37166     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       371839                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         922      4.38%      4.38% |       12633     60.03%     64.42% |        1165      5.54%     69.95% |        6323     30.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        21043                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       64055      0.34%      0.34% |    18232794     95.60%     95.94% |       70016      0.37%     96.31% |      704673      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     19071538                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      258114      0.95%      0.95% |    23690875     87.30%     88.25% |      251224      0.93%     89.17% |     2938154     10.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     27138367                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      399031      1.66%      1.66% |    20883420     86.76%     88.42% |      375706      1.56%     89.98% |     2411966     10.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24070123                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |        1178     23.07%     23.07% |        1153     22.58%     45.64% |        1208     23.65%     69.30% |        1568     30.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         5107                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       47744      5.38%      5.38% |      663195     74.77%     80.15% |       46874      5.28%     85.43% |      129211     14.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total       887024                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |       74092      3.75%      3.75% |     1726793     87.39%     91.14% |       78768      3.99%     95.13% |       96305      4.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1975958                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       21032      0.19%      0.19% |    10290677     94.45%     94.64% |       24456      0.22%     94.86% |      559678      5.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     10895843                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       18408      1.71%      1.71% |     1017999     94.38%     96.08% |       21441      1.99%     98.07% |       20826      1.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1078674                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       62513      0.73%      0.73% |     8253405     96.32%     97.05% |       64206      0.75%     97.80% |      188442      2.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      8568566                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       29226      5.65%      5.65% |      364926     70.60%     76.25% |       29869      5.78%     82.03% |       92902     17.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total       516923                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |        1137     33.75%     33.75% |         760     22.56%     56.31% |         758     22.50%     78.81% |         714     21.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         3369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      176045      0.78%      0.78% |    21288874     94.54%     95.32% |      188871      0.84%     96.16% |      865251      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     22519041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       30363      5.84%      5.84% |      365686     70.28%     76.12% |       30627      5.89%     82.01% |       93616     17.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       520292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |      111799      0.56%      0.56% |    18895989     94.68%     95.24% |      116890      0.59%     95.82% |      833884      4.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     19958562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |        1178     23.07%     23.07% |        1153     22.58%     45.64% |        1208     23.65%     69.30% |        1568     30.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total         5107                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2622     19.90%     19.90% |        3262     24.76%     44.67% |        3833     29.10%     73.76% |        3456     26.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        13173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       46859     15.33%     15.33% |      135544     44.33%     59.66% |       49828     16.30%     75.95% |       73520     24.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       305751                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2108     19.29%     19.29% |        2558     23.40%     42.69% |        3614     33.06%     75.75% |        2650     24.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10930                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       64033      9.26%      9.26% |      451182     65.28%     74.54% |       67026      9.70%     84.24% |      108929     15.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       691170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         457     22.68%     22.68% |         602     29.88%     52.56% |         270     13.40%     65.96% |         686     34.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2015                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        2005     24.42%     24.42% |        2007     24.45%     48.87% |        2003     24.40%     73.27% |        2194     26.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         8209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         353     29.10%     29.10% |         331     27.29%     56.39% |         106      8.74%     65.13% |         423     34.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       30237      6.35%      6.35% |      352805     74.13%     80.49% |       32735      6.88%     87.37% |       60121     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       475898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        2071     25.23%     25.23% |        1778     21.66%     46.89% |        2094     25.51%     72.40% |        2266     27.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         8209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       33005     15.36%     15.36% |       98611     45.88%     61.23% |       34684     16.14%     77.37% |       48642     22.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       214942                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       23305     15.21%     15.21% |       67898     44.31%     59.52% |       25513     16.65%     76.17% |       36517     23.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       153233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        3412     45.42%     45.42% |        1687     22.46%     67.88% |        1121     14.92%     82.80% |        1292     17.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         7512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1899     33.50%     33.50% |        1373     24.22%     57.73% |        1006     17.75%     75.48% |        1390     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         5668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       41325      7.39%      7.39% |      395804     70.82%     78.22% |       42922      7.68%     85.90% |       78809     14.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       558860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       53366      8.73%      8.73% |      408968     66.92%     75.66% |       57527      9.41%     85.07% |       91240     14.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       611101                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       12300     13.80%     13.80% |       44557     49.97%     63.77% |       12092     13.56%     77.33% |       20212     22.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        89161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        1554     24.73%     24.73% |        1523     24.24%     48.97% |        1699     27.04%     76.00% |        1508     24.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total         6284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       68703      2.35%      2.35% |     2688447     92.13%     94.49% |       75158      2.58%     97.06% |       85715      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      2918023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1327     33.08%     33.08% |         909     22.66%     55.73% |         873     21.76%     77.49% |         903     22.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         4012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       22005     17.09%     17.09% |       54407     42.26%     59.36% |       22961     17.84%     77.19% |       29363     22.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       128736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |         378     10.94%     10.94% |         858     24.84%     35.78% |        1387     40.16%     75.94% |         831     24.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         668     47.51%     47.51% |         182     12.94%     60.46% |         259     18.42%     78.88% |         297     21.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         1406                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         219     49.44%     49.44% |         133     30.02%     79.46% |          27      6.09%     85.55% |          64     14.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |         986     15.27%     15.27% |        1598     24.76%     40.03% |        2033     31.49%     71.53% |        1838     28.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total         6455                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       22708     17.16%     17.16% |       55378     41.85%     59.02% |       24104     18.22%     77.24% |       30120     22.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       132310                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       29868      6.40%      6.40% |      349791     74.96%     81.36% |       32088      6.88%     88.24% |       54877     11.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total       466624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         288      3.24%      3.24% |        2891     32.55%     35.80% |         543      6.11%     41.91% |        5159     58.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         8881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          75     18.75%     18.75% |         126     31.50%     50.25% |          94     23.50%     73.75% |         105     26.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         248      2.92%      2.92% |        2750     32.37%     35.29% |         447      5.26%     40.55% |        5051     59.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total         8496                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           4     20.00%     20.00% |           4     20.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           7     35.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          56     20.22%     20.22% |          88     31.77%     51.99% |          70     25.27%     77.26% |          63     22.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       81931      0.42%      0.42% |    18546198     95.15%     95.57% |       84802      0.44%     96.00% |      779007      4.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     19491938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1136      7.45%      7.45% |       10474     68.65%     76.09% |        1410      9.24%     85.33% |        2238     14.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        15258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         601     37.31%     37.31% |         295     18.31%     55.62% |         326     20.24%     75.85% |         389     24.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       53308      0.28%      0.28% |    18191277     95.80%     96.08% |       55927      0.29%     96.38% |      687999      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     18988511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       16517      3.87%      3.87% |      320087     75.02%     78.89% |       17635      4.13%     83.02% |       72437     16.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total       426676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |          82     19.07%     19.07% |         139     32.33%     51.40% |         100     23.26%     74.65% |         109     25.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total          430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       41077      7.46%      7.46% |      393054     71.42%     78.88% |       42475      7.72%     86.60% |       73758     13.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       550364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         453     22.71%     22.71% |         598     29.97%     52.68% |         265     13.28%     65.96% |         679     34.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         1995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        1949     24.57%     24.57% |        1919     24.19%     48.76% |        1933     24.37%     73.13% |        2131     26.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         7932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       30237      6.35%      6.35% |      352805     74.13%     80.49% |       32735      6.88%     87.37% |       60121     12.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       475898                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        2071     25.23%     25.23% |        1778     21.66%     46.89% |        2094     25.51%     72.40% |        2266     27.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         8209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       21058     16.58%     16.58% |       54385     42.82%     59.41% |       22698     17.87%     77.28% |       28853     22.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126994                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         353     29.10%     29.10% |         331     27.29%     56.39% |         106      8.74%     65.13% |         423     34.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       11947     13.58%     13.58% |       44226     50.29%     63.87% |       11986     13.63%     77.50% |       19789     22.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        87948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3412     45.42%     45.42% |        1687     22.46%     67.88% |        1121     14.92%     82.80% |        1292     17.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         7512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1899     33.50%     33.50% |        1373     24.22%     57.73% |        1006     17.75%     75.48% |        1390     24.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         5668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       41325      7.39%      7.39% |      395804     70.82%     78.22% |       42922      7.68%     85.90% |       78809     14.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       558860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       22005     17.09%     17.09% |       54407     42.26%     59.36% |       22961     17.84%     77.19% |       29363     22.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       128736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         378     10.94%     10.94% |         858     24.84%     35.78% |        1387     40.16%     75.94% |         831     24.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       22383     16.93%     16.93% |       55265     41.81%     58.74% |       24348     18.42%     77.16% |       30194     22.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       132190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |          55     11.36%     11.36% |         173     35.74%     47.11% |         114     23.55%     70.66% |         142     29.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         288      3.24%      3.24% |        2891     32.55%     35.80% |         543      6.11%     41.91% |        5159     58.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         8881                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          75     18.75%     18.75% |         126     31.50%     50.25% |          94     23.50%     73.75% |         105     26.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          400                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |         308      3.50%      3.50% |        2844     32.33%     35.83% |         523      5.95%     41.78% |        5122     58.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total         8797                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |        1123     24.29%     24.29% |         980     21.20%     45.49% |        1094     23.66%     69.15% |        1426     30.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         4623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        1137      7.45%      7.45% |       10474     68.64%     76.09% |        1410      9.24%     85.33% |        2238     14.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        15259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         601     37.31%     37.31% |         295     18.31%     55.62% |         326     20.24%     75.85% |         389     24.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |         614      5.01%      5.01% |        9789     79.94%     84.95% |         642      5.24%     90.19% |        1201      9.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        12246                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         611148      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          89163      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         4455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         558860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        13423      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        12432      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         42804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          25861      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           4010      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         4629      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               2540      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           1478      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           8209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       569514      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        26206      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        16598      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       126952      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1213      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         4455      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         1266      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       449713      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        69335      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        13040      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        10913      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         8209      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         2015      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX       558860      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          175      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        25861      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          131      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           49      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          146      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          104      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           2314      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         1266      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          208      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        26185      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data           21      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        16598      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           29      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         5668      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           14      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       563846      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS            3      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         3732      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         4472      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock            5      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         8204      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
