
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.507592                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                507591807500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52415074467001                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 133577                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   241092                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              252124468                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1819232                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2013.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   268924379                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     485381565                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       117824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            117824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0        43008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total          43008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0          672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total               672                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       232124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total               232124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0        84729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               84729                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0       316853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total              316853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       1841                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                       672                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     1841                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                     672                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                116288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1536                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                  41920                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 117824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys               43008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    24                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4               52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6               63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8               69                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10              70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11              41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5               14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7               32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8               22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14              36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15              59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 507582095500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 1841                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                 672                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   158.812437                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.551064                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   203.509455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          611     61.28%     61.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          221     22.17%     83.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           86      8.63%     92.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           14      1.40%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           12      1.20%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      1.00%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.70%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            9      0.90%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           27      2.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    152.972222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   675.979775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           31     86.11%     86.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      5.56%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      2.78%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.78%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.194444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.155545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.190905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16               6     16.67%     16.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              14     38.89%     55.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              14     38.89%     94.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      2.78%     97.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      2.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    19885500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               53954250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   9085000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    10944.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               29694.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     28.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     934                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                    542                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                51.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               80.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                 201982529.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   59.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                 8368920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 4566375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               20139600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy               2941920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         33394592400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         12890192895                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        295463424750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          341784226860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           668.481688                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489638815000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1002993250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                10508400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 5733750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               23306400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               1302480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         33394592400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         13049989830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        295323252000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          341808685260                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           668.529525                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489436581750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1207168250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       111360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            111360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1        41472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total          41472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1         1740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1          648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total               648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       219389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total               219389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1        81703                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               81703                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1       301092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total              301092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       1740                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                       648                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     1740                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                     648                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                110080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                  40384                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 111360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys               41472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0               68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7               86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10              63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11              28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7               31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9               20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12              44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14              33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15              48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 507591586500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 1740                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                 648                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   1715                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   160.752137                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   106.197472                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.259163                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127          588     62.82%     62.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          189     20.19%     83.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           79      8.44%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           19      2.03%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           10      1.07%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.75%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.75%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            6      0.64%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           31      3.31%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    153.657143                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   682.886949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           30     85.71%     85.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      8.57%     94.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.86%     97.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      2.86%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total           35                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.028571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.977248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.382362                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16               8     22.86%     22.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              15     42.86%     65.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               9     25.71%     91.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      5.71%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      2.86%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total           35                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    19528000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               51778000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                   8600000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    11353.49                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               30103.49                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     23.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     885                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                    530                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                51.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               81.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                 212559290.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   59.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                 8036280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 4384875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               19718400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy               2870640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         33394592400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         12796791840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        295545355500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          341771749935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           668.457285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489671851000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    970075500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                10425240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 5688375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               22932000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               1218240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         33394592400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         13101113700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        295278406500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          341814376455                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           668.540656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489404521500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1239228500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       110080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            110080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2        39808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total          39808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2         1720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total               1720                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2          622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total               622                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total               216867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2        78425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total               78425                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2       295292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total              295292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                       1720                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                       622                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                     1720                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                     622                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                109120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                  38144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 110080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys               39808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0               75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1               53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4               47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5               64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6               54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7               86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8               55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11              32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0               98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4               10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7               21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8               19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12              37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13              17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14              34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15              43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 507598833500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                 1720                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                 622                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                   1700                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples          889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   165.507312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   108.884873                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   212.911298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127          544     61.19%     61.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255          186     20.92%     82.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383           81      9.11%     91.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511           16      1.80%     93.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639           10      1.12%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767            8      0.90%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895            7      0.79%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.79%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           30      3.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total          889                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean    158.424242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   696.158523                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           29     87.88%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      3.03%     90.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      3.03%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      3.03%     96.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      3.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total           33                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.060606                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.032698                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.998104                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16               5     15.15%     15.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              16     48.48%     63.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              12     36.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total           33                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                    19021500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat               50990250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                   8525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    11156.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               29906.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.22                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     28.55                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                     897                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                    514                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                52.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               82.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                 216737332.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   60.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                 7915320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                 4318875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               19601400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy               2773440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         33394592400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         12772262745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        295566872250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          341768336430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           668.450608                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489721744750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    922306250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                 9926280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                 5416125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               22596600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy               1088640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         33394592400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         13017085155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        295352115750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          341802820950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           668.518055                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489477819250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1165930750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       115904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            115904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3        40128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total          40128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3         1811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total               1811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3          627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total               627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       228341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total               228341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3        79056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total               79056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3       307397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total              307397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                       1811                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                       627                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                     1811                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                     627                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                114880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                  39488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 115904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys               40128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0               73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1               67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4               44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5               71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6               49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7              104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8               57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10              62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11              40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0               99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3               16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5               12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7               24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8               17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9               18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13              21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14              38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15              49                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 507582395000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                 1811                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                 627                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                   1787                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples          947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   163.142555                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   107.300057                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   209.682877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127          593     62.62%     62.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255          184     19.43%     82.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383           84      8.87%     90.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511           17      1.80%     92.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639           18      1.90%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.74%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895            9      0.95%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.74%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           28      2.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total          947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean    162.205882                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   692.414562                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           29     85.29%     85.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      5.88%     91.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      2.94%     94.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      2.94%     97.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      2.94%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total           34                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples           34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     18.147059                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    18.106699                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.234169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16               5     14.71%     14.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              19     55.88%     70.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               7     20.59%     91.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      5.88%     97.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      2.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total           34                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                    19800250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat               53456500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                   8975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    11030.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               29780.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                     938                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                    528                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                52.26                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               84.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                 208196224.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   60.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                 8157240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                 4450875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               19968000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy               2818800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         33394592400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         12862096740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        295488070500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          341780154555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           668.473723                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489668961750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    973026000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                10236240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                 5585250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               23080200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy               1179360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         33394592400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         13001021415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        295366206750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          341801901615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           668.516257                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 489508313500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  16949660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1135436500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1018960366                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     433650                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       918165                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               901515                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                   387                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      27067                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        60407                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      901515                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                          387                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            1823111                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            737285                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                 622                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                354                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads              486720                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             280681                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       218781                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     133950                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     84831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1016743039.537170                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              2217326.462830                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.002176                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.997824                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            95664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                11024      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                   683348     74.42%     75.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    1821      0.20%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     2975      0.32%     76.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    239      0.03%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  133950     14.59%     90.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  84831      9.24%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    918188                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1017336060                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  265739740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    479178914                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            269550971                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270602519                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9864992                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     14997115                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   269550971                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270602519                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          512513902                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176053922                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446698678                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249457043                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           106893831                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           82962967                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84025486                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   62868455                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21157031                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3974520.154420                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1013361539.845580                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.996093                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.003907                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27045539                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                10784      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                244770552     51.08%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    2527      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     1741      0.00%     51.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150367922     31.38%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                62868455     13.12%     95.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21157031      4.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 479179012                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1012267850                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     398360                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       845467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               828969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                    33                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                      23345                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        60851                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      828969                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                           33                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads            1673039                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            682281                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                  14                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                 25                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads              472926                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes             253755                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                       199386                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     123424                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     75962                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1010156551.446187                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              2111298.553813                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.002086                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.997914                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            91659                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                12920      1.53%      1.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                   627009     74.16%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    1706      0.20%     75.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     4433      0.52%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                     17      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  123424     14.60%     91.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  75962      8.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    845471                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1013154229                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                    1032189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                      2006218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses              1975030                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1778                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                      42744                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts       161631                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                     1975030                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                         1778                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads            4020826                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes           1609990                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                2988                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes               1416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads             1148154                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes             665853                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                       460408                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                     283972                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                    176436                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1008287873.494988                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              4866355.505012                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.004803                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.995197                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                           220558                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                21134      1.05%      1.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                  1514618     75.49%     76.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                    2492      0.12%     76.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                     6313      0.31%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                   1344      0.07%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                  283972     14.15%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                 176436      8.79%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                   2006309                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 101                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 611                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                611                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               18                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          270                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           22                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          292                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           34                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          276                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          540                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          586                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           11                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          637                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           20                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          548                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          681                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                80500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                32496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              120500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              345499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              334495                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              353498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              343998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy                9998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              241500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              263500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              378500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy              219500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           33                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       135168                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           33                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               23993992                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.018474                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.385076                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    23938935     99.77%     99.77% |         477      0.00%     99.77% |       54387      0.23%    100.00% |          53      0.00%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 23993992                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    462187514                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000656                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   462187315    100.00%    100.00% |         199      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    462187514                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      462187514                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.207487                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.080295                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.222813                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   462184125    100.00%    100.00% |        3242      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        462187514                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    440452277                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   440452277    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    440452277                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21735237                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.412100                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.167252                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.639360                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    21731848     99.98%     99.98% |        3242      0.01%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     21735237                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       193780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses        25454                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses       219234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits       535788                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses        34263                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses       570051                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     74466583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses      9561958                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     84028541                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    362870399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     11950852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    374821251                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits       176759                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses        22904                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses       199663                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits       493674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses        29606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses       523280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits       405976                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses        56610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses       462586                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits      1309318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses        53590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses      1362908                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits         47411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        12306                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses        59717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      21096884                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       415926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     21512810                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits         40826                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        11684                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses        52510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits         77811                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses        32389                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses       110200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       460736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        11569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       472305                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.004346                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        12306                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2203                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13986                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8565                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6443                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2092                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0        98448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1006992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        68520                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        51544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       150624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.137980                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       415926                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1797                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       416955                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       374520                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       373640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        39076                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       332792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      3327408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     30020760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2996160                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2989120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2813472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2662336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.003983                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        11684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2772                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5936                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5417                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1578                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1838                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0        93472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       957888                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        47488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        43336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       113616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        14704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.011538                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        32389                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2989                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        34242                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22141                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21449                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7759                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       259112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2465424                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       177128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       171592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       558648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.157435                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       479393                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       477070                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       402547                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       406949                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50505                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       348326                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      3835144                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        58112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     34349040                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3220376                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3255592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3636360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2786608                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.000523                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0         1827                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1987                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1          444                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0        14616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       143064                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3552                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.000491                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0         1730                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1862                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1          382                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0        13840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       134064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.000477                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1814                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1          288                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0        13760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       130608                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2304                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.000502                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0         1811                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1910                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1          343                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0        14488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       137520                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.000111                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.021163                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       479393                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2         9761                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       481579                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       407583                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       406949                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50505                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       350466                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      3835144                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        78088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     34673688                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3260664                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3255592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3636360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2803728                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         1438179                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        26786                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1444737                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      2443596                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       151635                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1057734                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         11505432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       214288                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    104021064                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     19548768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     10917720                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      8461872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005551                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2203                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7761                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       821952                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62088                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.003141                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        12306                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2570                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          804                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         6443                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         2092                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        98448                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       185040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        51544                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       150624                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.202653                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1797                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       373545                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29913984                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2988360                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.073308                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       415926                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1483                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          975                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       373640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        39076                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            6                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       332792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3327408                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       106776                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         7800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2989120                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2813472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          432                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2662336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.005366                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2772                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11330                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4212                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22176                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       815760                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        11684                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1974                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         5417                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         1578                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1838                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        93472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       142128                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        43336                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       113616                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        14704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.015351                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2989                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20404                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2306304                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       163232                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.007726                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        32389                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2210                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1737                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        21449                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         7759                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       259112                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       159120                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       171592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       558648                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        92416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.087730                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       472305                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10844                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1163                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       406949                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50505                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       348326                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      3778440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       780768                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3255592                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3636360                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2786608                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.227140                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         7088                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       466226                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       401384                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        56704                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        58112                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     33568272                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3211072                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000188                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1827                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          149                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        14616                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        10368                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1192                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000857                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1843                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          295                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       132696                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2360                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000171                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1730                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        13840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000811                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1742                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          252                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       125424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000157                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        13760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          776                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000798                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          191                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       123840                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1528                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000165                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1811                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          122                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        14488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         7128                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          976                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000840                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1811                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          221                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       130392                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1768                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000116                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000105                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2140                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        17120                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.005551                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2203                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11416                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7761                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        17624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       821952                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        62088                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.202653                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1797                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       415472                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       373545                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14376                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     29913984                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2988360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.005366                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2772                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11330                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         4212                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        22176                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       815760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        33696                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.015351                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2989                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1        32032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        20404                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        23912                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2306304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       163232                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.087730                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       472305                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10844                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1163                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       406949                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        50505                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       348326                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      3778440                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       780768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9304                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3255592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3636360                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2786608                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.000188                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0         1827                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1          149                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0        14616                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        10368                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1192                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.000171                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0         1730                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1          130                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          540                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0        13840                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1040                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4320                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.000157                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0         1720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1           97                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0        13760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          776                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.000165                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0         1811                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1           99                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1          122                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          528                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0        14488                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         7128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          976                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4224                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.000116                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           28                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2112                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2016                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        16896                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1278085                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.319622                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.574891                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1227292     96.03%     96.03% |         155      0.01%     96.04% |       50445      3.95%     99.98% |          53      0.00%     99.99% |         120      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1278085                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      22623456                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.001536                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.108324                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    22618451     99.98%     99.98% |         741      0.00%     99.98% |         140      0.00%     99.98% |         182      0.00%     99.98% |        3901      0.02%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        22623456                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         92451                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000022                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.006578                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       92450    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           92451                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     63369383                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.680689                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.275930                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.295480                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    63367512    100.00%    100.00% |        1801      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      63369383                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     54079142                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    54079142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     54079142                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      9290241                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.643029                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.270506                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.188616                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |     9288370     99.98%     99.98% |        1801      0.02%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      9290241                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     21481531                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.112093                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.030592                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      1.782477                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    21480923    100.00%    100.00% |         566      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      21481531                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     21120284                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    21120284    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     21120284                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       361247                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     7.665611                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.000818                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.051999                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      360639     99.83%     99.83% |         566      0.16%     99.99% |           8      0.00%     99.99% |          11      0.00%     99.99% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       361247                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    377277490                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.133045                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.053257                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.841507                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   377276656    100.00%    100.00% |         803      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    377277490                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    365209179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   365209179    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    365209179                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12068311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.159240                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.063648                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.321998                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    12067477     99.99%     99.99% |         803      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     12068311                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        34852                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.109205                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     2.014413                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.669770                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       34809     99.88%     99.88% |           8      0.02%     99.90% |          33      0.09%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        34852                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        22435                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       22435    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        22435                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12417                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     9.726907                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.139750                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    12.726134                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       12374     99.65%     99.65% |           8      0.06%     99.72% |          33      0.27%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        12417                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12129                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.277187                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.861813                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    13.416795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       12083     99.62%     99.62% |           5      0.04%     99.66% |          39      0.32%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        12129                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         9108                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        9108    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         9108                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.172459                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    12.127325                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.391646                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2975     98.48%     98.48% |           5      0.17%     98.64% |          39      1.29%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           1      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3021                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        12129                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        12129                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        12129                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        12129                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        1827     25.78%     25.78% |        1730     24.41%     50.18% |        1720     24.27%     74.45% |        1811     25.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total         7088                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         144     31.51%     31.51% |         120     26.26%     57.77% |          94     20.57%     78.34% |          99     21.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        1841     25.89%     25.89% |        1740     24.47%     50.35% |        1720     24.18%     74.54% |        1811     25.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         7112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |         672     26.16%     26.16% |         648     25.22%     51.38% |         622     24.21%     75.59% |         627     24.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         2569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          16     57.14%     57.14% |          12     42.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |         149     29.92%     29.92% |         130     26.10%     56.02% |          97     19.48%     75.50% |         122     24.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total          498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        1827     25.78%     25.78% |        1730     24.41%     50.18% |        1720     24.27%     74.45% |        1811     25.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total         7088                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         528     25.00%     25.00% |         528     25.00%     50.00% |         528     25.00%     75.00% |         528     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |         142     31.35%     31.35% |         118     26.05%     57.40% |          94     20.75%     78.15% |          99     21.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total          453                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |         149     29.92%     29.92% |         130     26.10%     56.02% |          97     19.48%     75.50% |         122     24.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total          498                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        1827     25.78%     25.78% |        1730     24.41%     50.18% |        1720     24.27%     74.45% |        1811     25.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total         7088                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |         142     31.35%     31.35% |         118     26.05%     57.40% |          94     20.75%     78.15% |          99     21.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total          453                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            4                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2112                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           28                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2112    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2112                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      123506      0.19%      0.19% |    62859505     99.20%     99.39% |      115059      0.18%     99.57% |      271313      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total     63369383                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |      570051      0.15%      0.15% |   374821251     99.35%     99.50% |      523280      0.14%     99.64% |     1362908      0.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    377277490                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |       95728      0.44%      0.44% |    21169036     98.27%     98.72% |       84604      0.39%     99.11% |      191273      0.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     21540641                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |        7119      8.61%      8.61% |       55011     66.53%     75.14% |        7685      9.29%     84.43% |       12875     15.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total        82690                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |       58056      0.27%      0.27% |    21482010     99.00%     99.27% |       50957      0.23%     99.50% |      107833      0.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     21698856                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |       35522      1.26%      1.26% |     2693815     95.60%     96.86% |       35276      1.25%     98.12% |       53096      1.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      2817709                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       24195      0.13%      0.13% |    18818995     99.48%     99.61% |       17234      0.09%     99.70% |       57104      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     18917528                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       18437      0.20%      0.20% |     9214395     99.18%     99.38% |       16970      0.18%     99.56% |       40439      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9290241                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       34263      0.28%      0.28% |    11950852     99.03%     99.31% |       29606      0.25%     99.56% |       53590      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     12068311                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        6378      1.70%      1.70% |      347147     92.55%     94.25% |        5658      1.51%     95.76% |       15912      4.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       375095                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        6104     12.74%     12.74% |       24644     51.43%     64.17% |        6404     13.37%     77.54% |       10761     22.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total        47913                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       14669      0.16%      0.16% |     9100120     99.39%     99.55% |       17297      0.19%     99.73% |       24301      0.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9156387                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |      460542      0.43%      0.43% |   106133758     98.32%     98.74% |      449196      0.42%     99.16% |      906388      0.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    107949884                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         639     40.19%     40.19% |         416     26.16%     66.35% |         276     17.36%     83.71% |         259     16.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1590                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         247      1.24%      1.24% |       18014     90.37%     91.61% |         588      2.95%     94.56% |        1085      5.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        19934                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |       34634      1.24%      1.24% |     2675406     95.68%     96.92% |       34408      1.23%     98.15% |       51713      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      2796161                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       22208      0.10%      0.10% |    21119421     99.41%     99.52% |       18465      0.09%     99.60% |       84364      0.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     21244458                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |       75246      0.03%      0.03% |   256736641     99.80%     99.83% |       44478      0.02%     99.84% |      402930      0.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    257259295                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        3736      1.23%      1.23% |      290393     95.49%     96.71% |        3241      1.07%     97.78% |        6753      2.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       304123                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         235      1.79%      1.79% |       11972     91.22%     93.01% |         336      2.56%     95.57% |         582      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        13125                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       13208      0.07%      0.07% |    18169028     99.70%     99.77% |        7726      0.04%     99.82% |       33651      0.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     18223613                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       68192      0.29%      0.29% |    23425569     98.93%     99.22% |       62327      0.26%     99.48% |      122209      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     23678297                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       84975      0.41%      0.41% |    20531080     98.42%     98.83% |       75429      0.36%     99.19% |      168349      0.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     20859833                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         533     31.02%     31.02% |         381     22.18%     53.20% |         357     20.78%     73.98% |         447     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1718                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       10214      1.50%      1.50% |      637576     93.89%     95.39% |        8823      1.30%     96.69% |       22469      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total       679082                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |       28926      1.62%      1.62% |     1687333     94.42%     96.03% |       27694      1.55%     97.58% |       43172      2.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1787125                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |        5337      0.05%      0.05% |    10263519     99.83%     99.88% |        1912      0.02%     99.90% |       10418      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     10281186                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |        6596      0.64%      0.64% |     1006482     97.66%     98.30% |        7582      0.74%     99.04% |        9924      0.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1030584                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11841      0.14%      0.14% |     8207913     99.37%     99.52% |        9388      0.11%     99.63% |       30515      0.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      8259657                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |        6378      1.70%      1.70% |      347147     92.55%     94.25% |        5658      1.51%     95.76% |       15912      4.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total       375095                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |         639     40.19%     40.19% |         416     26.16%     66.35% |         276     17.36%     83.71% |         259     16.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         1590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       52700      0.25%      0.25% |    21165247     99.09%     99.34% |       46576      0.22%     99.56% |       94029      0.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     21358552                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |        7017      1.86%      1.86% |      347563     92.27%     94.13% |        5934      1.58%     95.71% |       16171      4.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       376685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |       23422      0.12%      0.12% |    18806604     99.49%     99.62% |       16549      0.09%     99.70% |       56120      0.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     18902695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |         533     31.02%     31.02% |         381     22.18%     53.20% |         357     20.78%     73.98% |         447     26.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total         1718                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         818     15.49%     15.49% |         981     18.58%     34.07% |        1742     32.99%     67.06% |        1739     32.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         5280                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       12876      8.12%      8.12% |      108828     68.64%     76.76% |       12816      8.08%     84.84% |       24034     15.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       158554                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        1362     19.95%     19.95% |        1194     17.49%     37.45% |        2554     37.42%     74.86% |        1716     25.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         6826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       10750      2.31%      2.31% |      414519     88.96%     91.26% |        9873      2.12%     93.38% |       30836      6.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       465978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         200     27.59%     27.59% |         149     20.55%     48.14% |          86     11.86%     60.00% |         290     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1185     31.55%     31.55% |         667     17.76%     49.31% |         944     25.13%     74.44% |         960     25.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         3756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         205     33.77%     33.77% |         193     31.80%     65.57% |          13      2.14%     67.71% |         196     32.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        3083      0.86%      0.86% |      336993     94.33%     95.20% |        3072      0.86%     96.06% |       14091      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       357239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         817     21.75%     21.75% |         697     18.56%     40.31% |         980     26.09%     66.40% |        1262     33.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         3756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |        7311      6.73%      6.73% |       77589     71.41%     78.14% |        7265      6.69%     84.83% |       16483     15.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       108648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |        6586      8.13%      8.13% |       54630     67.47%     75.60% |        7328      9.05%     84.65% |       12428     15.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total        80972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2430     54.87%     54.87% |        1030     23.26%     78.12% |         429      9.69%     87.81% |         540     12.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1095     41.13%     41.13% |         647     24.31%     65.44% |         367     13.79%     79.23% |         553     20.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         2662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        4236      1.06%      1.06% |      371868     93.24%     94.30% |        3416      0.86%     95.16% |       19311      4.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       398831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        9763      2.29%      2.29% |      379976     89.12%     91.41% |       10319      2.42%     93.83% |       26293      6.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       426351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |        1653      3.77%      3.77% |       35496     80.86%     84.62% |        1011      2.30%     86.93% |        5739     13.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        43899                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |         342     20.08%     20.08% |         293     17.20%     37.29% |         423     24.84%     62.13% |         645     37.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total         1703                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       28272      1.03%      1.03% |     2650793     96.47%     97.50% |       27847      1.01%     98.52% |       40739      1.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      2747651                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         715     38.44%     38.44% |         453     24.35%     62.80% |         338     18.17%     80.97% |         354     19.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6156      9.41%      9.41% |       42151     64.42%     73.83% |        5952      9.10%     82.92% |       11174     17.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        65433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |         195      8.08%      8.08% |         507     21.00%     29.08% |        1040     43.08%     72.16% |         672     27.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         2414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         570     60.25%     60.25% |          39      4.12%     64.38% |         182     19.24%     83.62% |         155     16.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total          946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         175     89.74%     89.74% |           1      0.51%     90.26% |          16      8.21%     98.46% |           3      1.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |         462     13.06%     13.06% |         682     19.28%     32.34% |        1301     36.78%     69.13% |        1092     30.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total         3537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |        6514      9.70%      9.70% |       42651     63.52%     73.22% |        6457      9.62%     82.84% |       11525     17.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total        67147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |        3044      0.86%      0.86% |      334374     94.41%     95.27% |        2876      0.81%     96.09% |       13864      3.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total       354158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |          27      0.91%      0.91% |        2566     86.63%     87.54% |         148      5.00%     92.54% |         221      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          14     10.45%     10.45% |          37     27.61%     38.06% |          53     39.55%     77.61% |          30     22.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |          20      0.69%      0.69% |        2545     87.19%     87.87% |         144      4.93%     92.81% |         210      7.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total         2919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |           8      7.84%      7.84% |          25     24.51%     32.35% |          47     46.08%     78.43% |          22     21.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          102                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       20378      0.11%      0.11% |    18472230     99.59%     99.70% |       13673      0.07%     99.77% |       42256      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     18548537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         255      2.34%      2.34% |        9697     89.11%     91.45% |         308      2.83%     94.28% |         622      5.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        10882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         472     54.57%     54.57% |          53      6.13%     60.69% |         184     21.27%     81.97% |         156     18.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       14095      0.08%      0.08% |    18134439     99.73%     99.81% |        8228      0.05%     99.85% |       26842      0.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     18183604                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |        4474      1.35%      1.35% |      311613     94.22%     95.57% |        4569      1.38%     96.95% |       10075      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total       330731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |          14     35.00%     35.00% |           6     15.00%     50.00% |          18     45.00%     95.00% |           2      5.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total           40                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |        4216      1.06%      1.06% |      369323     93.28%     94.35% |        3272      0.83%     95.18% |       19101      4.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       395912                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         200     27.66%     27.66% |         148     20.47%     48.13% |          86     11.89%     60.03% |         289     39.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total          723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        1177     32.21%     32.21% |         642     17.57%     49.78% |         897     24.55%     74.33% |         938     25.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         3654                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        3083      0.86%      0.86% |      336993     94.33%     95.20% |        3072      0.86%     96.06% |       14091      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       357239                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         817     21.75%     21.75% |         697     18.56%     40.31% |         980     26.09%     66.40% |        1262     33.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         3756                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        5863      8.97%      8.97% |       42286     64.70%     73.67% |        6267      9.59%     83.26% |       10940     16.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total        65356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         205     33.77%     33.77% |         193     31.80%     65.57% |          13      2.14%     67.71% |         196     32.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        1448      3.34%      3.34% |       35303     81.55%     84.89% |         998      2.31%     87.20% |        5543     12.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        43292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        2430     54.87%     54.87% |        1030     23.26%     78.12% |         429      9.69%     87.81% |         540     12.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         4429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1095     41.13%     41.13% |         647     24.31%     65.44% |         367     13.79%     79.23% |         553     20.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         2662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        4236      1.06%      1.06% |      371868     93.24%     94.30% |        3416      0.86%     95.16% |       19311      4.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       398831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |        6156      9.41%      9.41% |       42151     64.42%     73.83% |        5952      9.10%     82.92% |       11174     17.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        65433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         195      8.08%      8.08% |         507     21.00%     29.08% |        1040     43.08%     72.16% |         672     27.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         2414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |        6351      9.36%      9.36% |       42658     62.87%     72.23% |        6992     10.31%     82.54% |       11846     17.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total        67847                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |          13     17.81%     17.81% |          32     43.84%     61.64% |          10     13.70%     75.34% |          18     24.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total           73                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |          27      0.91%      0.91% |        2566     86.63%     87.54% |         148      5.00%     92.54% |         221      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         2962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          14     10.45%     10.45% |          37     27.61%     38.06% |          53     39.55%     77.61% |          30     22.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |          28      0.93%      0.93% |        2571     85.05%     85.97% |         191      6.32%     92.29% |         233      7.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total         3023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |         520     31.61%     31.61% |         349     21.22%     52.83% |         347     21.09%     73.92% |         429     26.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         1645                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         255      2.34%      2.34% |        9697     89.11%     91.45% |         308      2.83%     94.28% |         622      5.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        10882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         472     54.57%     54.57% |          53      6.13%     60.69% |         184     21.27%     81.97% |         156     18.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |         207      2.05%      2.05% |        9401     93.06%     95.11% |         145      1.44%     96.55% |         349      3.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        10102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         426356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          43899      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         2055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         398831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement          445      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean          506      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data          7088      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack            955      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           1888      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         1908      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack                123      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all             81      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           3756      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       403193      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv              8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS         4803      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         2285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS        65356      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX          607      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         2055      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       352436      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        40282      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement          420      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean          414      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         3756      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX          725      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX       398831      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean           23      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack          955      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data            8      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean           15      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack            111      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all           69      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack             12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data         4803      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         2285      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS            4      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         2662      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       400531      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         1864      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         1892      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         3756      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.545849                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                545848586000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               52453331245501                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 132422                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   239555                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              250537546                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2076256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2178.71                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   288509603                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     521919713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       706944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            706944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       268480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         268480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        11046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              11046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         4195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              4195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1295128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total              1295128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       491858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total              491858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1786986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total             1786986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      11046                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      4195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    11046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    4195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                702912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   4032                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 267712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 706944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              268480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    63                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2              404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5              680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9              685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14             789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11              62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 545840421000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                11046                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                4195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  10835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         7250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   133.896828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.477601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.729487                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4633     63.90%     63.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1666     22.98%     86.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          440      6.07%     92.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          167      2.30%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          147      2.03%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           87      1.20%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           46      0.63%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.37%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           37      0.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         7250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     57.984252                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   255.911144                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          241     94.88%     94.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      3.94%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.39%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.468504                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.440766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.992557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             204     80.31%     80.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.39%     80.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              32     12.60%     93.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19              15      5.91%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20               1      0.39%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   139219742                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              345150992                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                  54915000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    12675.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               31425.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        1.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     1.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     28.09                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                    5960                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   1957                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                54.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               46.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                  35813950.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   52.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                31366440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                17114625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               56448600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              14217120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy         35893147680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy         17368147665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        314487710250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          367868152380                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           669.413235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 521262427751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF  18227040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6355860499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                34783560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                18979125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               58492200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              12888720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy         35893147680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy         17496247185                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        314375342250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          367889880720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           669.452774                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 521105718750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF  18227040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6514511250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1       695680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            695680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1       262784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         262784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        10870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              10870                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1         4106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              4106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1274493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total              1274493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1       481423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total              481423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1      1755916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total             1755916                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      10870                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      4106                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    10870                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    4106                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                691840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   3840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 262144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 695680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              262784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    60                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5              677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6              603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8              883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9              712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13             794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14             747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2               87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10              74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11              66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 545847274000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                10870                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                4106                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  10645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   252                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   250                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         7046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   135.393699                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.056451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.286146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4495     63.80%     63.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1596     22.65%     86.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          447      6.34%     92.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          185      2.63%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          130      1.85%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           61      0.87%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           67      0.95%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.34%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           41      0.58%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         7046                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     58.220000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   256.969682                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          238     95.20%     95.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      4.00%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.40%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.40%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          250                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.384000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.358884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.950874                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             211     84.40%     84.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              26     10.40%     94.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19              10      4.00%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.80%     99.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   141111745                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              343799245                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                  54050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13053.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               31803.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        1.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     1.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     23.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                    5891                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   1969                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                54.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               47.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                  36448135.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   52.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                30398760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                16586625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               56160000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              13705200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy         35893147680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         17172421065                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        314659400250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          367841819580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           669.365317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 521446965500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF  18227040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6173268500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                34254360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                18690375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               57392400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              12836880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy         35893147680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy         17570880990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        314309874000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          367897076685                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           669.465868                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 521039349000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF  18227040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6580881000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2       681984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total            681984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2       256960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total         256960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        10656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              10656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2         4015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total              4015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1249401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total              1249401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2       470753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total              470753                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2      1720155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total             1720155                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      10656                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                      4015                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    10656                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                    4015                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                678464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   3520                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                 255296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                 681984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys              256960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    55                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0              667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1              548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2              413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3              602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4              626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5              588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6              606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8              892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9              708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10             373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11             357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12             647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13             759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14             756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15             958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0              331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1              286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2               72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3              195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4              271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5              207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6              301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7              432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8              443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9              250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10              53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11              59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12             196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13             229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14             167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15             497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 545850482000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                10656                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                4015                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  10438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                   240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                   243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples         6825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.814652                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.947806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   153.592760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4304     63.06%     63.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1571     23.02%     86.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383          446      6.53%     92.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511          190      2.78%     95.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          118      1.73%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767           71      1.04%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895           60      0.88%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.37%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           40      0.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total         6825                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     58.781893                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   258.084836                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          233     95.88%     95.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      2.47%     98.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            2      0.82%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.415638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.392684                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.897703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16             198     81.48%     81.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.41%     81.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::18              32     13.17%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::19              12      4.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                   135258746                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat              334027496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                  53005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    12759.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               31509.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        1.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     1.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                     28.13                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                    5809                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                   1956                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                54.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               48.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                  37206085.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   53.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                29892240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                16310250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy               55044600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy              13575600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy         35893147680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy         17111519415                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy        314712822750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy          367832312535                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           669.348017                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 521548208750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF  18227040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6072035000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                32825520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                17910750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy               56557800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy              12273120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy         35893147680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy         17387751105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy        314470514250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy          367870980225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           669.418380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 521257682000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF  18227040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6362548000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3       694912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total            694912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3       257280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total         257280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        10858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              10858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3         4020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total              4020                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1273086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total              1273086                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3       471340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total              471340                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3      1744425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total             1744425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      10858                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                      4020                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    10858                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                    4020                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                691520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   3392                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                 256000                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                 694912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys              257280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    53                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0              695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1              502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2              407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3              604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4              598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5              670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6              602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             1122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8              907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9              698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10             386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11             373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12             657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13             824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14             782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15             978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0              337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2               68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3              185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4              234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5              231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6              288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7              437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8              449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9              243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10              53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11              67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12             208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13             263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14             161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15             509                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 545843702000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                10858                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                4020                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  10662                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                    41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                   242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                   248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                   249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                   247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                   246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                   245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                   244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples         6967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   136.019521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean    98.811774                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   154.982331                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4490     64.45%     64.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1535     22.03%     86.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383          410      5.88%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511          198      2.84%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          127      1.82%     97.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767           80      1.15%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895           64      0.92%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           21      0.30%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           42      0.60%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total         6967                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     59.479508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   260.015027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          231     94.67%     94.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      4.10%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.41%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.393443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.368897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.938937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16             203     83.20%     83.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::17               1      0.41%     83.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::18              30     12.30%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::19               7      2.87%     98.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::20               2      0.82%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::22               1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total          244                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                   142666746                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat              345260496                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                  54025000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    13203.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               31953.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        1.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     1.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                     25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                    5879                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                   1960                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                54.41                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               48.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                  36687975.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   52.88                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                29892240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                16310250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy               55512600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy              13264560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy         35893147680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy         17256480390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy        314585664000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy          367850271720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           669.380697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 521414699500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF  18227040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6203768250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                34012440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                18558375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy               57813600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy              12655440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy         35893147680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy         17402843565                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy        314457275250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy          367876306350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           669.428072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 521242301250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF  18227040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6377928750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1097096628                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                    1444230                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                      2801121                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses              2755552                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  3495                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                      69739                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts       204974                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                     2755552                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         3495                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads            5639372                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes           2216155                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                5683                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes               2799                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads             1506622                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes             914623                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                       688175                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                     415108                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                    273067                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1089245662.793309                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              7850965.206691                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.007156                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.992844                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                           297676                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                23643      0.84%      0.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                  2078887     74.21%     75.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                    3246      0.12%     75.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                     4818      0.17%     75.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                   2581      0.09%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                  415108     14.82%     90.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                 273067      9.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                   2801350                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                      1089848715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  266302886                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                    480252139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses            270599788                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses             270609971                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                    9891725                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts     15073726                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                   270599788                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                    270609971                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          514693259                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes         176886413                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads           446710990                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes          249463015                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads           107432187                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           83280495                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                     84302286                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                   63034551                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                  21267735                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              77194365.148914                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              1012654349.851086                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.929170                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.070830                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                         27159734                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                20213      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                245550189     51.13%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    3474      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                     2564      0.00%     51.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd              150373634     31.31%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     82.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                63034551     13.13%     95.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite               21267735      4.43%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                 480252360                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                      1091630903                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                    3088450                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                      5864923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses              5799001                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                 16260                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                     111567                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts       467714                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                     5799001                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                        16260                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads           11476522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes           4645879                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads               26363                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes              12860                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_reads             3164174                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu2.num_cc_register_writes            2037115                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                      1295393                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                     750709                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                    544684                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              1076414984.705898                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              15215918.294102                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.013939                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.986061                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                           650965                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                31481      0.54%      0.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                  4512991     76.94%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                    4752      0.08%     77.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                     8428      0.14%     77.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                  12149      0.21%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                     48      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     77.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                  750709     12.80%     90.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                 544684      9.29%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                   5865242                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                      1091235772                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu3.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   16353597                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                     30568729                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses             30152744                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                330046                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                     660880                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts      2463875                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                    30152744                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                       330046                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads           58777508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes          24449558                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads              499491                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes             255399                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_reads            16012999                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu3.num_cc_register_writes           10205526                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                      6654976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                    3925164                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                   2729812                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              1025912035.411368                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              65323736.588632                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.059862                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.940138                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                          3401191                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass               157326      0.51%      0.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                 23301184     76.22%     76.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                   92977      0.30%     77.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                   148902      0.49%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                 213581      0.70%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                     32      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     78.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                 3925164     12.84%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                2729812      8.93%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                  30568978                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1140                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1140                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1171                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1171                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                72                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               72                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           20                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           78                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          768                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1204                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           64                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          508                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          114                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           66                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          422                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio           56                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1070                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           40                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          156                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           26                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          644                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          254                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           66                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          211                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port          700                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1141                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          535                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.sequencer.pio-slave-port           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.pio-slave-port          776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1485                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               161500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy               216980                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             1795500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              435997                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              444992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy              463989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy              487485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               56496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              993500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer4.occupancy              785500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer6.occupancy              758500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer6.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer8.occupancy             1302500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer8.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_full_pages           35                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_bytes       143360                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks.dma_write_txs           35                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  4                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  39                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               50384926                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.029708                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 0.490709                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    50200009     99.63%     99.63% |        4147      0.01%     99.64% |      179074      0.36%    100.00% |         487      0.00%    100.00% |        1100      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 50384926                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples    958429662                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.001209                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   958428260    100.00%    100.00% |        1402      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total    958429662                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples      958429662                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.214608                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.080160                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         1.589307                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |   958406165    100.00%    100.00% |       21764      0.00%    100.00% |         665      0.00%    100.00% |         516      0.00%    100.00% |         365      0.00%    100.00% |         176      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total        958429662                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    913658845                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   913658845    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    913658845                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     44770817                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.594206                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.210719                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     5.826856                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |    44747320     99.95%     99.95% |       21764      0.05%    100.00% |         665      0.00%    100.00% |         516      0.00%    100.00% |         365      0.00%    100.00% |         176      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     44770817                      
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_hits       606104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_misses        86471                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Dcache.demand_accesses       692575                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_hits      1828036                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_misses        79507                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.Icache.demand_accesses      1907543                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_hits     74711462                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_misses      9596271                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Dcache.demand_accesses     84307733                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_hits    363577119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_misses     11982371                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.Icache.demand_accesses    375559490                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_hits      1165295                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_misses       140662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Dcache.demand_accesses      1305957                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_hits      3964240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_misses       119294                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl2.Icache.demand_accesses      4083534                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_hits      6324919                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_misses       340091                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Dcache.demand_accesses      6665010                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_hits     21029393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_misses       690913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl3.Icache.demand_accesses     21720306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_hits        114854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_misses        51124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cache.demand_accesses       165978                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_hits      21139655                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_misses       438987                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cache.demand_accesses     21578642                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_hits        174994                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_misses        84962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cache.demand_accesses       259956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_hits        906071                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_misses       124933                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cache.demand_accesses      1031004                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       646719                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        53287                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       700006                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            19                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.017355                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0        51124                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4923                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1        54026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1        37003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2        34284                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          110                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15355                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0       408992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        39384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3889872                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       296024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       274272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1023552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       122840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.136237                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       438987                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       441757                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       390618                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       388622                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45497                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       339676                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      3511896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        38848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31806504                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3124944                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3108976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3275784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2717408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.028533                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        84962                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5349                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        87630                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        60298                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::2        59012                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        23987                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        30729                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       679696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        42792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6309360                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       482384                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       472096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1727064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       245832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.041987                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0       124933                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7235                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1       129831                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        93526                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::2        92524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          123                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        54592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       999464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        57880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9347832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       748208                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       740192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2328768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       436736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.233248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Control::0       743412                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17197                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1       750990                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::1       602467                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Control::2       574442                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       116044                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       440352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Control::0      5947296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     54071280                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4819736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4595536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8355168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        34344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3522816                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized     0.003530                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Control::0        11032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14685                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9809                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Control::0        88256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1057320                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        78472                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.003466                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        10860                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14418                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9594                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0        86880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1038096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        76752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.percent_links_utilized     0.003389                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Control::0        10656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14111                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9237                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Control::0        85248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1015992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        73896                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.percent_links_utilized     0.003445                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Control::0        10858                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Data::1        14318                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9608                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Control::0        86864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1030896                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        76864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.percent_links_utilized     0.000109                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.percent_links_utilized     0.031428                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Control::0       743412                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Request_Control::2        22363                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Data::1       760901                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::1       611080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Response_Control::2       574442                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       116044                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       442622                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Control::0      5947296                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       178904                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     54784872                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4888640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4595536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8355168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        34344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3540976                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         2230236                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        61923                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      2282697                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      3556566                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       349563                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control      1334586                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         17841888                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       495384                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    164354184                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     28452528                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     25168536                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control     10676688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.022284                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4923                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49673                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34570                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        39384                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3576456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       276560                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.012426                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        51124                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4353                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2433                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        34284                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        14216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          110                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        15355                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       408992                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       313416                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        19464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       274272                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1023552                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         7920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       122840                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.198563                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4856                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       438069                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       387932                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        38848                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31540968                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3103456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.073910                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       438987                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3688                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2686                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       388622                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45497                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          124                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       339676                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      3511896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       265536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        21488                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3108976                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3275784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8928                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2717408                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.037471                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5349                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83965                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57102                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        42792                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6045480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       456816                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.019595                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        84962                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3665                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3196                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        59012                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        23987                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          120                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        30729                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       679696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       263880                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        25568                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       472096                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1727064                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       245832                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.055507                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7235                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       123874                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        89830                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        57880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8918928                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       718640                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.028468                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       124933                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         5957                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3696                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        92524                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        32344                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          123                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        54592                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       999464                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       428904                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        29568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       740192                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2328768                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         8856                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       436736                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.149025                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       700006                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        51194                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29573                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       574442                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       116044                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       440352                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      5600048                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3685968                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       236584                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4595536                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8355168                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        34344                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3522816                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.317472                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        43406                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2        17197                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       699796                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       572894                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       347248                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       137576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     50385312                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4583152                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002171                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11032                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3635                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3085                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        88256                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       261720                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24680                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004888                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11050                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6724                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       795600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        53792                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002124                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10860                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3546                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3023                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        86880                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       255312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6571                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       782784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        52568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002070                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3455                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2891                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        85248                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       248760                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23128                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004709                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10656                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6346                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       767232                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        50768                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002090                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        10858                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3460                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3074                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        86864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       249120                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24592                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.link_utilization     0.004801                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        10858                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6534                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       781776                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        52272                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.link_utilization     0.000115                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.link_utilization     0.000104                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         2270                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        18160                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.link_utilization     0.022284                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4923                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        49673                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        34570                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        39384                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3576456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       276560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.link_utilization     0.198563                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Request_Control::2         4856                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       438069                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1       387932                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        38848                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     31540968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      3103456                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.link_utilization     0.037471                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Request_Control::2         5349                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1        83965                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57102                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        42792                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      6045480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       456816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.link_utilization     0.055507                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7235                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1       123874                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1        89830                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        57880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      8918928                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       718640                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.link_utilization     0.149025                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Control::0       700006                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1        51194                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::1        29573                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       574442                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       116044                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          477                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       440352                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Control::0      5600048                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3685968                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       236584                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      4595536                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8355168                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        34344                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      3522816                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.link_utilization     0.002171                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Control::0        11032                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3635                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3085                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          578                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Control::0        88256                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       261720                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24680                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle9.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.link_utilization     0.002124                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Control::0        10860                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3546                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3023                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          572                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Control::0        86880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       255312                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24184                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4576                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.link_utilization     0.002070                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Control::0        10656                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3455                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2891                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Control::0        85248                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       248760                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        23128                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle11.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.link_utilization     0.002090                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Control::0        10858                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3460                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3074                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          560                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Control::0        86864                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       249120                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        24592                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle12.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         4480                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.link_utilization     0.000115                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Response_Data::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         2240                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2160                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle13.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        17920                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            4                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           39                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3108929                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.440305                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        1.847966                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2940073     94.57%     94.57% |        1429      0.05%     94.61% |      165782      5.33%     99.95% |         466      0.01%     99.96% |        1070      0.03%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3108929                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      47005295                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.002722                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        0.142678                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    46986017     99.96%     99.96% |        3217      0.01%     99.97% |        1122      0.00%     99.97% |        1596      0.00%     99.97% |       13106      0.03%    100.00% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        47005295                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        270702                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.000037                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.008595                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |      270697    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          270702                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples    131374084                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.695201                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.272098                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      2.932681                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |   131361830     99.99%     99.99% |       11466      0.01%    100.00% |         295      0.00%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total     131374084                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    112440017                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   112440017    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    112440017                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     18934067                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.823653                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.311479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     6.305648                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |    18921813     99.94%     99.94% |       11466      0.06%    100.00% |         295      0.00%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |          76      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     18934067                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples     46245176                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.168169                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.034895                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      3.283568                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |    46239571     99.99%     99.99% |        4950      0.01%    100.00% |         263      0.00%    100.00% |         190      0.00%    100.00% |         131      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total      46245176                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     45396171                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    45396171    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     45396171                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       849005                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.160157                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     6.477437                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    22.470354                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      843400     99.34%     99.34% |        4950      0.58%     99.92% |         263      0.03%     99.95% |         190      0.02%     99.98% |         131      0.02%     99.99% |          67      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       849005                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples    780548363                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.135838                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.053392                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.968585                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |   780543167    100.00%    100.00% |        4931      0.00%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total    780548363                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples    755607967                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   755607967    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total    755607967                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples     24940396                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.251251                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     5.093119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.444621                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |    24935200     99.98%     99.98% |        4931      0.02%    100.00% |          97      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total     24940396                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       136177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.286135                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.631261                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     8.759971                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      135963     99.84%     99.84% |          37      0.03%     99.87% |         164      0.12%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       136177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       102469                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      102469    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       102469                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        33708                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    10.235760                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     7.220612                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    15.678974                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       33494     99.37%     99.37% |          37      0.11%     99.47% |         164      0.49%     99.96% |           2      0.01%     99.97% |           1      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.01%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        33708                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62931                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.794235                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.701825                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    14.362701                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       62586     99.45%     99.45% |          80      0.13%     99.58% |         250      0.40%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           6      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        62931                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        49290                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       49290    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        49290                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        13641                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    18.504215                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    11.622408                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    26.678344                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |       13296     97.47%     97.47% |          80      0.59%     98.06% |         250      1.83%     99.89% |           1      0.01%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           6      0.04%     99.94% |           1      0.01%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           5      0.04%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        13641                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        62931                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62931    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        62931                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        62931                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       62931    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        62931                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       11032     25.42%     25.42% |       10860     25.02%     50.44% |       10656     24.55%     74.99% |       10858     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        43406                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        3635     25.79%     25.79% |        3546     25.16%     50.94% |        3455     24.51%     75.45% |        3460     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        14096                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       11046     25.43%     25.43% |       10870     25.03%     50.46% |       10656     24.54%     75.00% |       10858     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        43430                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        4195     25.68%     25.68% |        4106     25.13%     50.81% |        4015     24.58%     75.39% |        4020     24.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        16336                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          18     60.00%     60.00% |          12     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           30                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        3085     25.55%     25.55% |        3023     25.04%     50.59% |        2891     23.95%     74.54% |        3074     25.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        12073                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       11032     25.42%     25.42% |       10860     25.02%     50.44% |       10656     24.55%     74.99% |       10858     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        43406                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14     58.33%     58.33% |          10     41.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |         560     25.00%     25.00% |         560     25.00%     50.00% |         560     25.00%     75.00% |         560     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        3631     25.77%     25.77% |        3544     25.15%     50.92% |        3455     24.52%     75.44% |        3460     24.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        14090                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        3085     25.55%     25.55% |        3023     25.04%     50.59% |        2891     23.95%     74.54% |        3074     25.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        12073                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       11032     25.42%     25.42% |       10860     25.02%     50.44% |       10656     24.55%     74.99% |       10858     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        43406                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        3631     25.77%     25.77% |        3544     25.15%     50.92% |        3455     24.52%     75.44% |        3460     24.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        14090                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            6                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         2240                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           30                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |      393463      0.58%      0.58% |    63020264     92.67%     93.25% |      728017      1.07%     94.32% |     3862957      5.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total     68004701                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1907543      0.47%      0.47% |   375559490     93.13%     93.60% |     4083534      1.01%     94.61% |    21720306      5.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    403270873                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store     |      299112      1.20%      1.20% |    21287469     85.26%     86.46% |      577940      2.31%     88.78% |     2802053     11.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Store::total     24966574                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv       |       19721     12.65%     12.65% |       64105     41.12%     53.77% |       29884     19.17%     72.94% |       42178     27.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inv::total       155888                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement |      162012      0.70%      0.70% |    21545954     93.75%     94.46% |      254258      1.11%     95.57% |     1019138      4.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.L0_Replacement::total     22981362                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data      |       79657      2.61%      2.61% |     2726812     89.44%     92.05% |      111275      3.65%     95.70% |      130964      4.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data::total      3048708                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       86321      0.43%      0.43% |    18851830     94.32%     94.75% |      148681      0.74%     95.50% |      900040      4.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total     19986872                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       61478      0.64%      0.64% |     9239106     95.80%     96.44% |      104234      1.08%     97.52% |      239008      2.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Load::total      9643826                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |       79507      0.62%      0.62% |    11982371     93.09%     93.71% |      119294      0.93%     94.63% |      690913      5.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total     12872085                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       24012      4.65%      4.65% |      356454     69.03%     73.68% |       35579      6.89%     80.57% |      100352     19.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       516397                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |       16750     15.96%     15.96% |       32130     30.61%     46.57% |       25039     23.86%     70.43% |       31041     29.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total       104960                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       31853      0.34%      0.34% |     9115043     98.51%     98.85% |       51858      0.56%     99.41% |       54573      0.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      9253327                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1405244      1.24%      1.24% |   106715763     94.29%     95.53% |     2716438      2.40%     97.93% |     2341899      2.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    113179344                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         981     29.98%     29.98% |         711     21.73%     51.71% |         849     25.95%     77.66% |         731     22.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         3272                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1305      5.14%      5.14% |       18861     74.28%     79.42% |        2262      8.91%     88.32% |        2965     11.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        25393                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement |       77392      2.56%      2.56% |     2707231     89.64%     92.21% |      108160      3.58%     95.79% |      127238      4.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.S.L0_Replacement::total      3020021                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      121233      0.55%      0.55% |    21176162     96.42%     96.97% |      235527      1.07%     98.05% |      429069      1.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     21961991                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch  |      422792      0.15%      0.15% |   256861356     92.66%     92.81% |     1247802      0.45%     93.26% |    18687494      6.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Ifetch::total    277219444                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       12345      3.33%      3.33% |      294630     79.41%     82.74% |       23123      6.23%     88.97% |       40926     11.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Store::total       371024                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         734      3.53%      3.53% |       12237     58.89%     62.42% |        1380      6.64%     69.06% |        6429     30.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        20780                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement |       48212      0.25%      0.25% |    18187802     95.35%     95.60% |       87750      0.46%     96.06% |      751641      3.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.E.L0_Replacement::total     19075405                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load    |      178899      0.66%      0.66% |    23489953     86.53%     87.19% |      336398      1.24%     88.43% |     3140307     11.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     27145557                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store   |      261774      1.09%      1.09% |    20635674     85.71%     86.80% |      518389      2.15%     88.95% |     2660044     11.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     24075881                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         932     19.60%     19.60% |         877     18.44%     38.04% |        1203     25.30%     63.34% |        1743     36.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         4755                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement |       36408      4.11%      4.11% |      650921     73.47%     77.58% |       58348      6.59%     84.17% |      140259     15.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.M.L0_Replacement::total       885936                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data |       64831      3.29%      3.29% |     1713635     86.93%     90.22% |       87548      4.44%     94.66% |      105339      5.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data::total      1971353                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive |       14676      0.13%      0.13% |    10268736     94.20%     94.34% |       31746      0.29%     94.63% |      585574      5.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Inst_IS.Data_Exclusive::total     10900732                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data   |       14826      1.38%      1.38% |     1013177     94.04%     95.42% |       23727      2.20%     97.62% |       25625      2.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data::total      1077355                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       46652      0.54%      0.54% |     8225929     96.02%     96.57% |       80507      0.94%     97.51% |      213383      2.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      8566471                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive |       24012      4.65%      4.65% |      356454     69.03%     73.68% |       35579      6.89%     80.57% |      100352     19.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.IM.Data_Exclusive::total       516397                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive |         981     29.98%     29.98% |         711     21.73%     51.71% |         849     25.95%     77.66% |         731     22.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.SM.Data_Exclusive::total         3272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      140985      0.63%      0.63% |    21221477     94.25%     94.88% |      223528      0.99%     95.87% |      929921      4.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     22515911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       24993      4.81%      4.81% |      357165     68.73%     73.54% |       36428      7.01%     80.55% |      101083     19.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total       519669                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack |       84620      0.42%      0.42% |    18838723     94.38%     94.80% |      146098      0.73%     95.53% |      891900      4.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WriteBack::total     19961341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck |         932     19.60%     19.60% |         877     18.44%     38.04% |        1203     25.30%     63.34% |        1743     36.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_DataAck::total         4755                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        2543     20.36%     20.36% |        2810     22.50%     42.87% |        3316     26.55%     69.42% |        3819     30.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        12488                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own |       37136     12.34%     12.34% |      125930     41.83%     54.17% |       56590     18.80%     72.97% |       81376     27.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       301032                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else |        2306     21.46%     21.46% |        2280     21.22%     42.68% |        3178     29.58%     72.26% |        2980     27.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Invalidate_Else::total        10744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       47808      6.96%      6.96% |      436208     63.53%     70.49% |       81709     11.90%     82.39% |      120889     17.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       686614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         407     19.50%     19.50% |         404     19.36%     38.86% |         401     19.21%     58.07% |         875     41.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1973     25.33%     25.33% |        1642     21.08%     46.42% |        1632     20.96%     67.37% |        2541     32.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         7788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         354     30.08%     30.08% |         297     25.23%     55.31% |         114      9.69%     65.00% |         412     35.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total         1177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       20400      4.30%      4.30% |      345539     72.76%     77.06% |       42457      8.94%     86.00% |       66505     14.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       474901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        1748     22.44%     22.44% |        1550     19.90%     42.35% |        1994     25.60%     67.95% |        2496     32.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         7788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       27171     12.83%     12.83% |       90683     42.83%     55.67% |       39400     18.61%     74.28% |       54461     25.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       211715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack    |       18789     12.43%     12.43% |       63228     41.84%     54.27% |       28681     18.98%     73.25% |       40435     26.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L0_Ack::total       151133                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        3194     42.95%     42.95% |        1544     20.76%     63.72% |        1275     17.15%     80.86% |        1423     19.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         7436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1805     32.22%     32.22% |        1215     21.69%     53.91% |        1111     19.83%     73.74% |        1471     26.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         5602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       29571      5.31%      5.31% |      385173     69.23%     74.54% |       54716      9.83%     84.38% |       86936     15.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       556396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       38988      6.41%      6.41% |      397454     65.34%     71.75% |       70401     11.57%     83.33% |      101410     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       608253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |       10685     12.24%     12.24% |       40615     46.51%     58.74% |       13564     15.53%     74.28% |       22464     25.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total        87328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |        1284     22.86%     22.86% |        1296     23.07%     45.93% |        1432     25.49%     71.43% |        1605     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total         5617                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       60397      2.07%      2.07% |     2674756     91.79%     93.86% |       83089      2.85%     96.72% |       95684      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      2913926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1260     30.85%     30.85% |         884     21.65%     52.50% |         970     23.75%     76.25% |         970     23.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         4084                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own |       17600     13.85%     13.85% |       50206     39.52%     53.38% |       26103     20.55%     73.92% |       33128     26.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       127037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else |         455     13.72%     13.72% |         785     23.67%     37.39% |        1198     36.13%     73.52% |         878     26.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load   |         672     46.99%     46.99% |         141      9.86%     56.85% |         242     16.92%     73.78% |         375     26.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Load::total         1430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store  |         191     56.01%     56.01% |          34      9.97%     65.98% |          27      7.92%     73.90% |          89     26.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Store::total          341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv    |        1149     17.98%     17.98% |        1389     21.73%     39.71% |        1763     27.58%     67.29% |        2091     32.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.Inv::total         6392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement |       18237     14.00%     14.00% |       51035     39.19%     53.20% |       26993     20.73%     73.93% |       33953     26.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SS.L1_Replacement::total       130218                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack |       20127      4.32%      4.32% |      342792     73.60%     77.92% |       41724      8.96%     86.87% |       61136     13.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.WriteBack::total       465779                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own |         178      2.05%      2.05% |        2661     30.65%     32.70% |         645      7.43%     40.12% |        5199     59.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         8683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else |          79     18.04%     18.04% |          88     20.09%     38.13% |          85     19.41%     57.53% |         186     42.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement |         161      1.92%      1.92% |        2608     31.17%     33.09% |         564      6.74%     39.84% |        5034     60.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.L1_Replacement::total         8367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           1      5.26%     21.05% |           8     42.11%     63.16% |           7     36.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS |          59     18.44%     18.44% |          56     17.50%     35.94% |          60     18.75%     54.69% |         145     45.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.EE.Fwd_GETS::total          320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack |       64493      0.33%      0.33% |    18495931     94.87%     95.20% |      104374      0.54%     95.74% |      830764      4.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.WriteBack::total     19495562                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own |         790      5.34%      5.34% |       10098     68.25%     73.59% |        1547     10.46%     84.04% |        2361     15.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        14796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else |         619     38.26%     38.26% |         267     16.50%     54.76% |         306     18.91%     73.67% |         426     26.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |       40928      0.22%      0.22% |    18149126     95.56%     95.78% |       69796      0.37%     96.14% |      732452      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total     18992302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |       12857      3.00%      3.00% |      315632     73.76%     76.76% |       21867      5.11%     81.87% |       77560     18.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total       427916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv    |         110     23.06%     23.06% |         124     26.00%     49.06% |         120     25.16%     74.21% |         123     25.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Inv::total          477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement |       29410      5.37%      5.37% |      382565     69.81%     75.17% |       54152      9.88%     85.06% |       81902     14.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_Replacement::total       548029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX |         404     19.54%     19.54% |         403     19.49%     39.02% |         393     19.00%     58.03% |         868     41.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS |        1914     25.63%     25.63% |        1586     21.24%     46.87% |        1572     21.05%     67.93% |        2395     32.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Fwd_GETS::total         7467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       20400      4.30%      4.30% |      345539     72.76%     77.06% |       42457      8.94%     86.00% |       66505     14.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       474901                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        1748     22.44%     22.44% |        1550     19.90%     42.35% |        1994     25.60%     67.95% |        2496     32.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         7788                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       16840     13.41%     13.41% |       50365     40.11%     53.52% |       25950     20.67%     74.19% |       32409     25.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       125564                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         354     30.08%     30.08% |         297     25.23%     55.31% |         114      9.69%     65.00% |         412     35.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total         1177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       10331     11.99%     11.99% |       40318     46.80%     58.79% |       13450     15.61%     74.40% |       22052     25.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        86151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        3194     42.95%     42.95% |        1544     20.76%     63.72% |        1275     17.15%     80.86% |        1423     19.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         7436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1805     32.22%     32.22% |        1215     21.69%     53.91% |        1111     19.83%     73.74% |        1471     26.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         5602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       29571      5.31%      5.31% |      385173     69.23%     74.54% |       54716      9.83%     84.38% |       86935     15.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       556395                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |       17600     13.85%     13.85% |       50206     39.52%     53.38% |       26103     20.55%     73.92% |       33128     26.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total       127037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         455     13.72%     13.72% |         785     23.67%     37.39% |        1198     36.13%     73.52% |         878     26.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         3316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack |       18055     13.85%     13.85% |       50991     39.12%     52.97% |       27301     20.94%     73.91% |       34006     26.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S_IL0.L0_Ack::total       130353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck |          34      8.23%      8.23% |          83     20.10%     28.33% |          97     23.49%     51.82% |         199     48.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_DataAck::total          413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         178      2.05%      2.05% |        2661     30.65%     32.70% |         645      7.43%     40.12% |        5199     59.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total         8683                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |          79     18.04%     18.04% |          88     20.09%     38.13% |          85     19.41%     57.53% |         186     42.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total          438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack |         223      2.56%      2.56% |        2666     30.62%     33.18% |         633      7.27%     40.45% |        5186     59.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E_IL0.L0_Ack::total         8708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck |         898     20.68%     20.68% |         794     18.29%     38.97% |        1106     25.47%     64.44% |        1544     35.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_DataAck::total         4342                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own |         790      5.34%      5.34% |       10098     68.25%     73.59% |        1547     10.46%     84.04% |        2361     15.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Own::total        14796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else |         619     38.26%     38.26% |         267     16.50%     54.76% |         306     18.91%     73.67% |         426     26.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Invalidate_Else::total         1618                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack |         511      4.23%      4.23% |        9571     79.28%     83.52% |         747      6.19%     89.70% |        1243     10.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_IL0.L0_Ack::total        12072                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS         608296      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX          87329      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE         4425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         556397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement        13966      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        12197      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data         43406      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack          26169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data           3874      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean         4391      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack               2155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all           1243      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock           7788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       566654      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv             12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        26196      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX        17210      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS       125552      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX         1177      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE         4425      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement          226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean         1015      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS       448711      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX        66854      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement        13541      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        10908      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS         7788      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX         2087      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX       556395      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement          199      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          274      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack        26169      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data          145      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data_clean           59      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          124      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean          149      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack           1911      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all         1015      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack            244      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all          226      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        26190      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data        17210      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS           27      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         5602      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS           16      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       561052      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data         3599      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean         4176      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock           13      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data            6      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean            7      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock         7775      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
